dart:html library
=================

HTML elements and other resources for web-based applications that need
to interact with the browser and the DOM (Document Object Model).

This library includes DOM element types, CSS styling, local storage,
media, speech, events, and more. To get started, check out the
[Element](element-class) class, the base class for many of the HTML DOM
types.

For information on writing web apps with Dart, see
<https://dart.dev/web>.

Classes
-------

[AbortPaymentEvent](abortpaymentevent-class)

[AbsoluteOrientationSensor](absoluteorientationsensor-class)

[AbstractWorker](abstractworker-class)

[Accelerometer](accelerometer-class)

[AccessibleNode](accessiblenode-class)

[AccessibleNodeList](accessiblenodelist-class)

[AmbientLightSensor](ambientlightsensor-class)

[AnchorElement](anchorelement-class)

[Animation](animation-class)

[AnimationEffectReadOnly](animationeffectreadonly-class)

[AnimationEffectTiming](animationeffecttiming-class)

[AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly](animationeffecttimingreadonly-class)

[AnimationEvent](animationevent-class)

[AnimationPlaybackEvent](animationplaybackevent-class)

[AnimationTimeline](animationtimeline-class)

[AnimationWorkletGlobalScope](animationworkletglobalscope-class)

[ApplicationCache](applicationcache-class)

ApplicationCache is accessed via
[Window.applicationCache](window/applicationcache).

[ApplicationCacheErrorEvent](applicationcacheerrorevent-class)

[AreaElement](areaelement-class)

DOM Area Element, which links regions of an image map with a hyperlink.

[AudioElement](audioelement-class)

[AuthenticatorAssertionResponse](authenticatorassertionresponse-class)

[AuthenticatorAttestationResponse](authenticatorattestationresponse-class)

[AuthenticatorResponse](authenticatorresponse-class)

[BackgroundFetchClickEvent](backgroundfetchclickevent-class)

[BackgroundFetchedEvent](backgroundfetchedevent-class)

[BackgroundFetchEvent](backgroundfetchevent-class)

[BackgroundFetchFailEvent](backgroundfetchfailevent-class)

[BackgroundFetchFetch](backgroundfetchfetch-class)

[BackgroundFetchManager](backgroundfetchmanager-class)

[BackgroundFetchRegistration](backgroundfetchregistration-class)

[BackgroundFetchSettledFetch](backgroundfetchsettledfetch-class)

[BarcodeDetector](barcodedetector-class)

[BarProp](barprop-class){.deprecated}

[BaseElement](baseelement-class)

[BatteryManager](batterymanager-class)

[BeforeInstallPromptEvent](beforeinstallpromptevent-class)

[BeforeUnloadEvent](beforeunloadevent-class)

[Blob](blob-class)

[BlobEvent](blobevent-class)

[BluetoothRemoteGattDescriptor](bluetoothremotegattdescriptor-class)

[Body](body-class)

[BodyElement](bodyelement-class)

[BRElement](brelement-class)

[BroadcastChannel](broadcastchannel-class)

[BudgetState](budgetstate-class)

[ButtonElement](buttonelement-class)

[ButtonInputElement](buttoninputelement-class)

A button, with no default behavior.

[CacheStorage](cachestorage-class)

[CanMakePaymentEvent](canmakepaymentevent-class)

[CanvasCaptureMediaStreamTrack](canvascapturemediastreamtrack-class)

[CanvasElement](canvaselement-class)

[CanvasGradient](canvasgradient-class)

An opaque canvas object representing a gradient.

[CanvasImageSource](canvasimagesource-class)

An object that can be drawn to a 2D canvas rendering context.

[CanvasPattern](canvaspattern-class)

An opaque object representing a pattern of image, canvas, or video.

[CanvasRenderingContext](canvasrenderingcontext-class)

[CanvasRenderingContext2D](canvasrenderingcontext2d-class)

[CDataSection](cdatasection-class){.deprecated}

[CharacterData](characterdata-class)

[CheckboxInputElement](checkboxinputelement-class)

A boolean editor control.

[ChildNode](childnode-class)

[Client](client-class)

[Clients](clients-class)

[ClipboardEvent](clipboardevent-class)

[CloseEvent](closeevent-class)

[Comment](comment-class)

[CompositionEvent](compositionevent-class)

[Console](console-class)

[ContentElement](contentelement-class)

[CookieStore](cookiestore-class)

[Coordinates](coordinates-class)

[Credential](credential-class)

[CredentialsContainer](credentialscontainer-class)

[CredentialUserData](credentialuserdata-class)

[Crypto](crypto-class)

[CryptoKey](cryptokey-class)

[Css](css-class)

[CssCharsetRule](csscharsetrule-class)

[CssClassSet](cssclassset-class)

A Set that stores the CSS class names for an element.

[CssConditionRule](cssconditionrule-class)

[CssFontFaceRule](cssfontfacerule-class)

[CssGroupingRule](cssgroupingrule-class)

[CssImageValue](cssimagevalue-class)

[CssImportRule](cssimportrule-class)

[CssKeyframeRule](csskeyframerule-class)

[CssKeyframesRule](csskeyframesrule-class)

[CssKeywordValue](csskeywordvalue-class)

[CssMatrixComponent](cssmatrixcomponent-class)

[CssMediaRule](cssmediarule-class)

[CssNamespaceRule](cssnamespacerule-class)

[CssNumericValue](cssnumericvalue-class)

[CssPageRule](csspagerule-class)

[CssPerspective](cssperspective-class)

[CssPositionValue](csspositionvalue-class)

[CssRect](cssrect-class)

A class for representing CSS dimensions.

[CssResourceValue](cssresourcevalue-class)

[CssRotation](cssrotation-class)

[CssRule](cssrule-class)

[CssScale](cssscale-class)

[CssSkew](cssskew-class)

[CssStyleDeclaration](cssstyledeclaration-class)

[CssStyleDeclarationBase](cssstyledeclarationbase-class)

[CssStyleRule](cssstylerule-class)

[CssStyleSheet](cssstylesheet-class)

[CssStyleValue](cssstylevalue-class)

[CssSupportsRule](csssupportsrule-class)

[CssTransformComponent](csstransformcomponent-class)

[CssTransformValue](csstransformvalue-class)

[CssTranslation](csstranslation-class)

[CssUnitValue](cssunitvalue-class)

[CssUnparsedValue](cssunparsedvalue-class)

[CssurlImageValue](cssurlimagevalue-class)

[CssVariableReferenceValue](cssvariablereferencevalue-class)

[CssViewportRule](cssviewportrule-class)

[CustomElementRegistry](customelementregistry-class)

[CustomEvent](customevent-class)

[CustomStream](customstream-class)\<T extends [Event](event-class)\>

A stream of custom events, which enables the user to \"fire\" (add)
their own custom events to a stream.

[DataElement](dataelement-class)

[DataListElement](datalistelement-class)

[DataTransfer](datatransfer-class)

[DataTransferItem](datatransferitem-class)

[DataTransferItemList](datatransferitemlist-class)

[DateInputElement](dateinputelement-class)

A date (year, month, day) with no time zone.

[DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope](dedicatedworkerglobalscope-class)

[DeprecatedStorageInfo](deprecatedstorageinfo-class)

[DeprecatedStorageQuota](deprecatedstoragequota-class)

[DeprecationReport](deprecationreport-class)

[DetailsElement](detailselement-class)

[DetectedBarcode](detectedbarcode-class)

[DetectedFace](detectedface-class)

[DetectedText](detectedtext-class)

[DeviceAcceleration](deviceacceleration-class)

[DeviceMotionEvent](devicemotionevent-class)

[DeviceOrientationEvent](deviceorientationevent-class)

[DeviceRotationRate](devicerotationrate-class)

[DialogElement](dialogelement-class)

[Dimension](dimension-class)

Class representing a [length
measurement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length) in
CSS.

[DirectoryEntry](directoryentry-class)

[DirectoryReader](directoryreader-class)

[DivElement](divelement-class)

A generic container for content on an HTML page; corresponds to the
\<div\> tag.

[DListElement](dlistelement-class)

[Document](document-class)

The base class for all documents.

[DocumentFragment](documentfragment-class)

[DocumentOrShadowRoot](documentorshadowroot-class)

[DocumentTimeline](documenttimeline-class)

[DomError](domerror-class)

[DomException](domexception-class)

[DomImplementation](domimplementation-class)

[DomIterator](domiterator-class)

[DomMatrix](dommatrix-class)

[DomMatrixReadOnly](dommatrixreadonly-class)

[DomParser](domparser-class)

[DomPoint](dompoint-class)

[DomPointReadOnly](dompointreadonly-class)

[DomQuad](domquad-class)

[DomRectList](domrectlist-class)

[DomRectReadOnly](domrectreadonly-class)

[DomStringList](domstringlist-class)

[DomStringMap](domstringmap-class)

[DomTokenList](domtokenlist-class)

[Element](element-class)

An abstract class, which all HTML elements extend.

[ElementEvents](elementevents-class)

[ElementList](elementlist-class)\<T extends [Element](element-class)\>

An immutable list containing HTML elements. This list contains some
additional methods when compared to regular lists for ease of CSS
manipulation on a group of elements.

[ElementStream](elementstream-class)\<T extends [Event](event-class)\>

A specialized Stream available to [Element](element-class)s to enable
event delegation.

[ElementUpgrader](elementupgrader-class)

A utility for changing the Dart wrapper type for elements.

[EmailInputElement](emailinputelement-class)

An e-mail address or list of e-mail addresses.

[EmbedElement](embedelement-class)

[Entry](entry-class)

[ErrorEvent](errorevent-class)

[Event](event-class)

[Events](events-class)

Base class that supports listening for and dispatching browser events.

[EventSource](eventsource-class)

[EventStreamProvider](eventstreamprovider-class)\<T extends
[Event](event-class)\>

A factory to expose DOM events as Streams.

[EventTarget](eventtarget-class)

Base class for all browser objects that support events.

[ExtendableEvent](extendableevent-class)

[ExtendableMessageEvent](extendablemessageevent-class)

[External](external-class)

[FaceDetector](facedetector-class)

[FederatedCredential](federatedcredential-class)

[FetchEvent](fetchevent-class)

[FieldSetElement](fieldsetelement-class)

[File](file-class)

[FileEntry](fileentry-class)

[FileList](filelist-class)

[FileReader](filereader-class)

[FileSystem](filesystem-class)

[FileUploadInputElement](fileuploadinputelement-class)

A control for picking files from the user\'s computer.

[FileWriter](filewriter-class)

[FixedSizeListIterator](fixedsizelistiterator-class)\<T\>

[FocusEvent](focusevent-class)

[FontFace](fontface-class)

[FontFaceSet](fontfaceset-class)

[FontFaceSetLoadEvent](fontfacesetloadevent-class)

[FontFaceSource](fontfacesource-class)

[ForeignFetchEvent](foreignfetchevent-class)

[FormData](formdata-class)

[FormElement](formelement-class)

[Gamepad](gamepad-class)

[GamepadButton](gamepadbutton-class)

[GamepadEvent](gamepadevent-class)

[GamepadPose](gamepadpose-class)

[Geolocation](geolocation-class)

[Geoposition](geoposition-class)

[GlobalEventHandlers](globaleventhandlers-class)

[Gyroscope](gyroscope-class)

[HashChangeEvent](hashchangeevent-class)

[HeadElement](headelement-class)

[Headers](headers-class)

[HeadingElement](headingelement-class)

[HiddenInputElement](hiddeninputelement-class)

Hidden input which is not intended to be seen or edited by the user.

[History](history-class)

[HistoryBase](historybase-class)

[HRElement](hrelement-class)

An `<hr>` tag.

[HtmlCollection](htmlcollection-class)

[HtmlDocument](htmldocument-class)

[HtmlElement](htmlelement-class)

[HtmlFormControlsCollection](htmlformcontrolscollection-class)

[HtmlHtmlElement](htmlhtmlelement-class)

[HtmlHyperlinkElementUtils](htmlhyperlinkelementutils-class)

[HtmlOptionsCollection](htmloptionscollection-class)

[HttpRequest](httprequest-class)

A client-side XHR request for getting data from a URL, formally known as
XMLHttpRequest.

[HttpRequestEventTarget](httprequesteventtarget-class)

[HttpRequestUpload](httprequestupload-class)

[HttpStatus](httpstatus-class)

HTTP status codes. Exported in dart:io and dart:html.

[IdleDeadline](idledeadline-class)

[IFrameElement](iframeelement-class)

[ImageBitmap](imagebitmap-class)

[ImageBitmapRenderingContext](imagebitmaprenderingcontext-class)

[ImageButtonInputElement](imagebuttoninputelement-class)

Either an image which the user can select a coordinate to or a form
submit button.

[ImageCapture](imagecapture-class)

[ImageData](imagedata-class)

[ImageElement](imageelement-class)

[ImmutableListMixin](immutablelistmixin-class)\<E\>

[InputDeviceCapabilities](inputdevicecapabilities-class)

[InputElement](inputelement-class)

[InputElementBase](inputelementbase-class)

Exposes the functionality common between all InputElement types.

[InstallEvent](installevent-class)

[IntersectionObserver](intersectionobserver-class)

[IntersectionObserverEntry](intersectionobserverentry-class)

[InterventionReport](interventionreport-class)

[KeyboardEvent](keyboardevent-class)

An event that describes user interaction with the keyboard.

[KeyboardEventStream](keyboardeventstream-class)

Records KeyboardEvents that occur on a particular element, and provides
a stream of outgoing KeyEvents with cross-browser consistent keyCode and
charCode values despite the fact that a multitude of browsers that have
varying keyboard default behavior.

[KeyCode](keycode-class)

Defines the keycode values for keys that are returned by
KeyboardEvent.keyCode.

[KeyEvent](keyevent-class)

A custom KeyboardEvent that attempts to eliminate cross-browser
inconsistencies, and also provide both keyCode and charCode information
for all key events (when such information can be determined).

[KeyframeEffect](keyframeeffect-class)

[KeyframeEffectReadOnly](keyframeeffectreadonly-class)

[KeyLocation](keylocation-class)

Defines the standard key locations returned by
KeyboardEvent.getKeyLocation.

[LabelElement](labelelement-class)

[LegendElement](legendelement-class)

[LIElement](lielement-class)

[LinearAccelerationSensor](linearaccelerationsensor-class)

[LinkElement](linkelement-class)

[LocalDateTimeInputElement](localdatetimeinputelement-class)

A date and time (year, month, day, hour, minute, second, fraction of a
second) with no time zone.

[Location](location-class)

[LocationBase](locationbase-class)

[Magnetometer](magnetometer-class)

[MapElement](mapelement-class)

[MathMLElement](mathmlelement-class)

[MediaCapabilities](mediacapabilities-class)

[MediaCapabilitiesInfo](mediacapabilitiesinfo-class)

[MediaDeviceInfo](mediadeviceinfo-class)

[MediaDevices](mediadevices-class)

[MediaElement](mediaelement-class)

[MediaEncryptedEvent](mediaencryptedevent-class)

[MediaError](mediaerror-class)

[MediaKeyMessageEvent](mediakeymessageevent-class)

[MediaKeys](mediakeys-class)

[MediaKeySession](mediakeysession-class)

[MediaKeysPolicy](mediakeyspolicy-class)

[MediaKeyStatusMap](mediakeystatusmap-class)

[MediaKeySystemAccess](mediakeysystemaccess-class)

[MediaList](medialist-class)

[MediaMetadata](mediametadata-class)

[MediaQueryList](mediaquerylist-class)

[MediaQueryListEvent](mediaquerylistevent-class)

[MediaRecorder](mediarecorder-class)

[MediaSession](mediasession-class)

[MediaSettingsRange](mediasettingsrange-class)

[MediaSource](mediasource-class)

[MediaStream](mediastream-class)

[MediaStreamEvent](mediastreamevent-class)

[MediaStreamTrack](mediastreamtrack-class)

[MediaStreamTrackEvent](mediastreamtrackevent-class)

[MemoryInfo](memoryinfo-class)

[MenuElement](menuelement-class)

An HTML

[MessageChannel](messagechannel-class)

[MessageEvent](messageevent-class)

[MessagePort](messageport-class)

[Metadata](metadata-class)

[MetaElement](metaelement-class)

[MeterElement](meterelement-class)

[MidiAccess](midiaccess-class)

[MidiConnectionEvent](midiconnectionevent-class)

[MidiInput](midiinput-class)

[MidiInputMap](midiinputmap-class)

[MidiMessageEvent](midimessageevent-class)

[MidiOutput](midioutput-class)

[MidiOutputMap](midioutputmap-class)

[MidiPort](midiport-class)

[MimeType](mimetype-class)

[MimeTypeArray](mimetypearray-class)

[ModElement](modelement-class)

[MonthInputElement](monthinputelement-class)

A date consisting of a year and a month with no time zone.

[MouseEvent](mouseevent-class)

[MutationEvent](mutationevent-class){.deprecated}

[MutationObserver](mutationobserver-class)

[MutationRecord](mutationrecord-class)

[NavigationPreloadManager](navigationpreloadmanager-class)

[Navigator](navigator-class)

[NavigatorAutomationInformation](navigatorautomationinformation-class)

[NavigatorConcurrentHardware](navigatorconcurrenthardware-class)

[NavigatorCookies](navigatorcookies-class)

[NavigatorID](navigatorid-class)

[NavigatorLanguage](navigatorlanguage-class)

[NavigatorOnLine](navigatoronline-class)

[NavigatorUserMediaError](navigatorusermediaerror-class)

[NetworkInformation](networkinformation-class)

[Node](node-class)

[NodeFilter](nodefilter-class)

[NodeIterator](nodeiterator-class)

[NodeList](nodelist-class)

[NodeTreeSanitizer](nodetreesanitizer-class)

Performs sanitization of a node tree after construction to ensure that
it does not contain any disallowed elements or attributes.

[NodeValidator](nodevalidator-class)

Interface used to validate that only accepted elements and attributes
are allowed while parsing HTML strings into DOM nodes.

[NodeValidatorBuilder](nodevalidatorbuilder-class)

Class which helps construct standard node validation policies.

[NoncedElement](noncedelement-class)

[NonDocumentTypeChildNode](nondocumenttypechildnode-class)

[NonElementParentNode](nonelementparentnode-class)

[Notification](notification-class)

[NotificationEvent](notificationevent-class)

[NumberInputElement](numberinputelement-class)

A numeric editor control.

[ObjectElement](objectelement-class)

[OffscreenCanvas](offscreencanvas-class)

[OffscreenCanvasRenderingContext2D](offscreencanvasrenderingcontext2d-class)

[OListElement](olistelement-class)

[OptGroupElement](optgroupelement-class)

[OptionElement](optionelement-class)

[OrientationSensor](orientationsensor-class)

[OutputElement](outputelement-class)

[OverconstrainedError](overconstrainederror-class)

[PageTransitionEvent](pagetransitionevent-class)

[PaintRenderingContext2D](paintrenderingcontext2d-class)

[PaintSize](paintsize-class)

[PaintWorkletGlobalScope](paintworkletglobalscope-class)

[ParagraphElement](paragraphelement-class)

[ParamElement](paramelement-class)

[ParentNode](parentnode-class)

[PasswordCredential](passwordcredential-class)

[PasswordInputElement](passwordinputelement-class)

Text with no line breaks (sensitive information).

[Path2D](path2d-class)

[PaymentAddress](paymentaddress-class)

[PaymentInstruments](paymentinstruments-class)

[PaymentManager](paymentmanager-class)

[PaymentRequest](paymentrequest-class)

[PaymentRequestEvent](paymentrequestevent-class)

[PaymentRequestUpdateEvent](paymentrequestupdateevent-class)

[PaymentResponse](paymentresponse-class)

[Performance](performance-class)

[PerformanceEntry](performanceentry-class)

[PerformanceLongTaskTiming](performancelongtasktiming-class)

[PerformanceMark](performancemark-class)

[PerformanceMeasure](performancemeasure-class)

[PerformanceNavigation](performancenavigation-class)

[PerformanceNavigationTiming](performancenavigationtiming-class)

[PerformanceObserver](performanceobserver-class)

[PerformanceObserverEntryList](performanceobserverentrylist-class)

[PerformancePaintTiming](performancepainttiming-class)

[PerformanceResourceTiming](performanceresourcetiming-class)

[PerformanceServerTiming](performanceservertiming-class)

[PerformanceTiming](performancetiming-class)

[Permissions](permissions-class)

[PermissionStatus](permissionstatus-class)

[PhotoCapabilities](photocapabilities-class)

[PictureElement](pictureelement-class)

[Platform](platform-class)

[Plugin](plugin-class)

[PluginArray](pluginarray-class)

[Point](../dart-math/point-class)\<T extends
[num](../dart-core/num-class)\>

A utility class for representing two-dimensional positions.

[PointerEvent](pointerevent-class)

[PopStateEvent](popstateevent-class)

[PositionError](positionerror-class)

[PreElement](preelement-class)

[Presentation](presentation-class)

[PresentationAvailability](presentationavailability-class)

[PresentationConnection](presentationconnection-class)

[PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent](presentationconnectionavailableevent-class)

[PresentationConnectionCloseEvent](presentationconnectioncloseevent-class)

[PresentationConnectionList](presentationconnectionlist-class)

[PresentationReceiver](presentationreceiver-class)

[PresentationRequest](presentationrequest-class)

[ProcessingInstruction](processinginstruction-class)

[ProgressElement](progresselement-class)

[ProgressEvent](progressevent-class)

[PromiseRejectionEvent](promiserejectionevent-class)

[PublicKeyCredential](publickeycredential-class)

[PushEvent](pushevent-class)

[PushManager](pushmanager-class)

[PushMessageData](pushmessagedata-class)

[PushSubscription](pushsubscription-class)

[PushSubscriptionOptions](pushsubscriptionoptions-class)

[QuoteElement](quoteelement-class)

[RadioButtonInputElement](radiobuttoninputelement-class)

A control that when used with other
[RadioButtonInputElement](radiobuttoninputelement-class) controls forms
a radio button group in which only one control can be checked at a time.

[Range](range-class)

[RangeInputElement](rangeinputelement-class)

Similar to [NumberInputElement](numberinputelement-class) but the
browser may provide more optimal styling (such as a slider control).

[RangeInputElementBase](rangeinputelementbase-class)

Base interface for all input element types which involve ranges.

[ReadyState](readystate-class)

Contains the set of standard values returned by
HTMLDocument.getReadyState.

[Rectangle](../dart-math/rectangle-class)\<T extends
[num](../dart-core/num-class)\>

A class for representing two-dimensional rectangles whose properties are
immutable.

[RelatedApplication](relatedapplication-class)

[RelativeOrientationSensor](relativeorientationsensor-class)

[RemotePlayback](remoteplayback-class)

[ReportBody](reportbody-class)

[ReportingObserver](reportingobserver-class)

[ResetButtonInputElement](resetbuttoninputelement-class)

A button, which when clicked, resets the form.

[ResizeObserver](resizeobserver-class)

[ResizeObserverEntry](resizeobserverentry-class)

[RtcCertificate](rtccertificate-class)

[RtcDataChannel](rtcdatachannel-class)

[RtcDataChannelEvent](rtcdatachannelevent-class)

[RtcDtmfSender](rtcdtmfsender-class)

[RtcDtmfToneChangeEvent](rtcdtmftonechangeevent-class)

[RtcIceCandidate](rtcicecandidate-class)

[RtcLegacyStatsReport](rtclegacystatsreport-class)

[RtcPeerConnection](rtcpeerconnection-class)

[RtcPeerConnectionIceEvent](rtcpeerconnectioniceevent-class)

[RtcRtpContributingSource](rtcrtpcontributingsource-class)

[RtcRtpReceiver](rtcrtpreceiver-class)

[RtcRtpSender](rtcrtpsender-class)

[RtcSessionDescription](rtcsessiondescription-class)

[RtcStatsReport](rtcstatsreport-class)

[RtcStatsResponse](rtcstatsresponse-class)

[RtcTrackEvent](rtctrackevent-class)

[Screen](screen-class)

[ScreenOrientation](screenorientation-class)

[ScriptElement](scriptelement-class)

[ScrollAlignment](scrollalignment-class)

Options for Element.scrollIntoView.

[ScrollState](scrollstate-class)

[ScrollTimeline](scrolltimeline-class)

[SearchInputElement](searchinputelement-class)

Similar to [TextInputElement](textinputelement-class), but on platforms
where search is styled differently this will get the search style.

[SecurityPolicyViolationEvent](securitypolicyviolationevent-class)

[SelectElement](selectelement-class)

[Selection](selection-class)

[Sensor](sensor-class)

[SensorErrorEvent](sensorerrorevent-class)

[ServiceWorker](serviceworker-class)

[ServiceWorkerContainer](serviceworkercontainer-class)

[ServiceWorkerGlobalScope](serviceworkerglobalscope-class)

[ServiceWorkerRegistration](serviceworkerregistration-class)

[ShadowElement](shadowelement-class)

[ShadowRoot](shadowroot-class)

[SharedArrayBuffer](sharedarraybuffer-class)

[SharedWorker](sharedworker-class)

[SharedWorkerGlobalScope](sharedworkerglobalscope-class)

[SlotElement](slotelement-class)

[SourceBuffer](sourcebuffer-class)

[SourceBufferList](sourcebufferlist-class)

[SourceElement](sourceelement-class)

[SpanElement](spanelement-class)

[SpeechGrammar](speechgrammar-class)

[SpeechGrammarList](speechgrammarlist-class)

[SpeechRecognition](speechrecognition-class)

[SpeechRecognitionAlternative](speechrecognitionalternative-class)

[SpeechRecognitionError](speechrecognitionerror-class)

[SpeechRecognitionEvent](speechrecognitionevent-class)

[SpeechRecognitionResult](speechrecognitionresult-class)

[SpeechSynthesis](speechsynthesis-class)

[SpeechSynthesisEvent](speechsynthesisevent-class)

[SpeechSynthesisUtterance](speechsynthesisutterance-class)

[SpeechSynthesisVoice](speechsynthesisvoice-class)

[StaticRange](staticrange-class)

[Storage](storage-class)

The type used by the [Window.localStorage](window/localstorage) and
[Window.sessionStorage](window/sessionstorage) properties. Storage is
implemented as a Map\<String, String\>.

[StorageEvent](storageevent-class)

[StorageManager](storagemanager-class)

[StyleElement](styleelement-class)

[StyleMedia](stylemedia-class)

[StylePropertyMap](stylepropertymap-class)

[StylePropertyMapReadonly](stylepropertymapreadonly-class)

[StyleSheet](stylesheet-class)

[SubmitButtonInputElement](submitbuttoninputelement-class)

A button, which when clicked, submits the form.

[SyncEvent](syncevent-class)

[SyncManager](syncmanager-class)

[TableCaptionElement](tablecaptionelement-class)

[TableCellElement](tablecellelement-class)

[TableColElement](tablecolelement-class)

[TableElement](tableelement-class)

[TableRowElement](tablerowelement-class)

[TableSectionElement](tablesectionelement-class)

[TaskAttributionTiming](taskattributiontiming-class)

[TelephoneInputElement](telephoneinputelement-class)

Represents a control for editing a telephone number.

[TemplateElement](templateelement-class)

[Text](text-class)

[TextAreaElement](textareaelement-class)

[TextDetector](textdetector-class)

[TextEvent](textevent-class)

[TextInputElement](textinputelement-class)

A basic text input editor control.

[TextInputElementBase](textinputelementbase-class)

Base interface for all inputs which involve text editing.

[TextMetrics](textmetrics-class)

[TextTrack](texttrack-class)

[TextTrackCue](texttrackcue-class)

[TextTrackCueList](texttrackcuelist-class)

[TextTrackList](texttracklist-class)

[TimeElement](timeelement-class)

[TimeInputElement](timeinputelement-class)

A time (hour, minute, seconds, fractional seconds) with no time zone.

[TimeRanges](timeranges-class)

[TitleElement](titleelement-class)

[Touch](touch-class)

[TouchEvent](touchevent-class)

[TouchList](touchlist-class)

[TrackDefault](trackdefault-class)

[TrackDefaultList](trackdefaultlist-class)

[TrackElement](trackelement-class)

[TrackEvent](trackevent-class)

[TransitionEvent](transitionevent-class)

[TreeWalker](treewalker-class)

[TrustedHtml](trustedhtml-class)

[TrustedScriptUrl](trustedscripturl-class)

[TrustedUrl](trustedurl-class)

[UIEvent](uievent-class)

[UListElement](ulistelement-class)

[UnderlyingSourceBase](underlyingsourcebase-class)

[UnknownElement](unknownelement-class)

[UriPolicy](uripolicy-class)

Defines the policy for what types of uris are allowed for particular
attribute values.

[Url](url-class)

[UrlInputElement](urlinputelement-class)

A control for editing an absolute URL.

[UrlSearchParams](urlsearchparams-class)

[UrlUtilsReadOnly](urlutilsreadonly-class)

[ValidityState](validitystate-class)

[VideoElement](videoelement-class)

[VideoPlaybackQuality](videoplaybackquality-class)

[VideoTrack](videotrack-class)

[VideoTrackList](videotracklist-class)

[VisualViewport](visualviewport-class)

[VR](vr-class)

[VRCoordinateSystem](vrcoordinatesystem-class)

[VRDevice](vrdevice-class)

[VRDeviceEvent](vrdeviceevent-class)

[VRDisplay](vrdisplay-class)

[VRDisplayCapabilities](vrdisplaycapabilities-class)

[VRDisplayEvent](vrdisplayevent-class)

[VREyeParameters](vreyeparameters-class)

[VRFrameData](vrframedata-class)

[VRFrameOfReference](vrframeofreference-class)

[VRPose](vrpose-class)

[VRSession](vrsession-class)

[VRSessionEvent](vrsessionevent-class)

[VRStageBounds](vrstagebounds-class)

[VRStageBoundsPoint](vrstageboundspoint-class)

[VRStageParameters](vrstageparameters-class)

[VttCue](vttcue-class)

[VttRegion](vttregion-class)

[WebSocket](websocket-class)

Use the WebSocket interface to connect to a WebSocket, and to send and
receive data on that WebSocket.

[WeekInputElement](weekinputelement-class)

A date consisting of a week-year number and a week number with no time
zone.

[WheelEvent](wheelevent-class)

[Window](window-class)

Top-level container for the current browser tab or window.

[WindowBase](windowbase-class)

Top-level container for a browser tab or window.

[WindowBase64](windowbase64-class)

[WindowClient](windowclient-class)

[WindowEventHandlers](windoweventhandlers-class)

[Worker](worker-class)

[WorkerGlobalScope](workerglobalscope-class)

[WorkerPerformance](workerperformance-class)

[WorkletAnimation](workletanimation-class)

[WorkletGlobalScope](workletglobalscope-class)

[XmlDocument](xmldocument-class)

[XmlSerializer](xmlserializer-class){.deprecated}

[XPathEvaluator](xpathevaluator-class)

[XPathExpression](xpathexpression-class)

[XPathNSResolver](xpathnsresolver-class)

[XPathResult](xpathresult-class)

[XsltProcessor](xsltprocessor-class){.deprecated}

Properties
----------

[document](document) → [HtmlDocument](htmldocument-class)

::: {.features}
read-only
:::

Root node for all content in a web page.

[window](window) → [Window](window-class)

::: {.features}
read-only
:::

Top-level container for a web page, which is usually a browser tab or
window.

Functions
---------

[promiseToFuture](../dart-js_util/promisetofuture)\<T\>([Object](../dart-core/object-class) jsPromise) → [Future](../dart-async/future-class)\<T\>
:   Converts a JavaScript Promise to a Dart
    [Future](../dart-async/future-class).

[promiseToFutureAsMap](promisetofutureasmap)(dynamic jsPromise) → [Future](../dart-async/future-class)\<[Map](../dart-core/map-class)\<[String](../dart-core/string-class), dynamic\>?\>
:   Convert a JS Promise to a Future\<Map\<String, dynamic\>\>.

[querySelector](queryselector)([String](../dart-core/string-class) selectors) → [Element](element-class)?
:   Finds the first descendant element of this document that matches the
    specified group of selectors.

[querySelectorAll](queryselectorall)\<T extends [Element](element-class)\>([String](../dart-core/string-class) selectors) → [ElementList](elementlist-class)\<T\>
:   Finds all descendant elements of this document that match the
    specified group of selectors.

Typedefs
--------

[BlobCallback](blobcallback) = void Function([Blob](blob-class)? blob)

[CustomElementConstructor](customelementconstructor){.deprecated} = void
Function()

[DecodeErrorCallback](decodeerrorcallback) = void
Function([DomException](domexception-class) error)

[DecodeSuccessCallback](decodesuccesscallback) = void
Function([AudioBuffer](../dart-web_audio/audiobuffer-class) decodedData)

[EventListener](eventlistener) = dynamic Function([Event](event-class)
event)

[FontFaceSetForEachCallback](fontfacesetforeachcallback) = void
Function([FontFace](fontface-class) fontFace, [FontFace](fontface-class)
fontFaceAgain, [FontFaceSet](fontfaceset-class) set)

Emitted for any setlike IDL entry needs a callback signature. Today
there is only one.

[FrameRequestCallback](framerequestcallback) = void
Function([num](../dart-core/num-class) highResTime)

[FunctionStringCallback](functionstringcallback) = void
Function([String](../dart-core/string-class) data)

[IdleRequestCallback](idlerequestcallback) = void
Function([IdleDeadline](idledeadline-class) deadline)

[IntersectionObserverCallback](intersectionobservercallback) = void
Function([List](../dart-core/list-class) entries,
[IntersectionObserver](intersectionobserver-class) observer)

[MediaSessionActionHandler](mediasessionactionhandler) = void Function()

[MessageCallback](messagecallback) = void
Function([Map](../dart-core/map-class) message)

[MetadataCallback](metadatacallback) = void
Function([Metadata](metadata-class) metadata)

[MojoWatchCallback](mojowatchcallback) = void
Function([int](../dart-core/int-class) result)

[MutationCallback](mutationcallback) = void
Function([List](../dart-core/list-class) mutations,
[MutationObserver](mutationobserver-class) observer)

[PerformanceObserverCallback](performanceobservercallback) = void
Function([PerformanceObserverEntryList](performanceobserverentrylist-class)
entries, [PerformanceObserver](performanceobserver-class) observer)

[RemotePlaybackAvailabilityCallback](remoteplaybackavailabilitycallback)
= void Function([bool](../dart-core/bool-class) available)

[ReportingObserverCallback](reportingobservercallback) = void
Function([List](../dart-core/list-class) reports,
[ReportingObserver](reportingobserver-class) observer)

[RequestAnimationFrameCallback](requestanimationframecallback) = void
Function([num](../dart-core/num-class) highResTime)

[ResizeObserverCallback](resizeobservercallback) = void
Function([List](../dart-core/list-class) entries,
[ResizeObserver](resizeobserver-class) observer)

[RtcPeerConnectionErrorCallback](rtcpeerconnectionerrorcallback) = void
Function([DomException](domexception-class) exception)

[RtcStatsCallback](rtcstatscallback) = void
Function([RtcStatsResponse](rtcstatsresponse-class) response)

[ScrollStateCallback](scrollstatecallback) = void
Function([ScrollState](scrollstate-class) scrollState)

[StorageErrorCallback](storageerrorcallback) = void
Function([DomError](domerror-class) error)

[StorageQuotaCallback](storagequotacallback) = void
Function([int](../dart-core/int-class) grantedQuotaInBytes)

[StorageUsageCallback](storageusagecallback) = void
Function([int](../dart-core/int-class) currentUsageInBytes,
[int](../dart-core/int-class) currentQuotaInBytes)

[TimeoutHandler](timeouthandler) = void Function()

[VoidCallback](voidcallback) = void Function()

::: {._attribution}
© 2012 the Dart project authors\
Licensed under the BSD 3-Clause \"New\" or \"Revised\" License.\
<https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.18.5/dart-html/dart-html-library.html>
:::
