Basic shapes
============

CSS Shapes can be defined using the [`<basic-shape>`](basic-shape.md)
type, and in this guide I\'ll explain how each of the different values
accepted by this type work. They range from simple circles to complex
polygons.

Before looking at shapes, it is worth understanding two pieces of
information that go together to make these shapes possible:

- The `<basic-shape>` type
- The reference box

The \<basic-shape\> type
------------------------

The `<basic-shape>` type is used as the value for all of our basic
shapes. This type uses Functional Notation: the type of shape is
followed by parenthese, inside of which are additional values used to
describe the shape.

The arguments which are accepted vary depending on the shape that you
are creating. We will cover these in the examples below.

The reference box
-----------------

Understanding the reference box used by CSS Shapes is important when
using basic shapes, as it defines each shape\'s coordinate system. You
have already met the reference box in [](from_box_values.md), which directly uses the reference box to
create the shape.

The Firefox Shapes Inspector helpfully shows the reference box in use
when you inspect a shape. In the screenshot below I have created a
circle, using `shape-outside: circle(50%)`. The floated element has 20
pixels of padding, border and margin applied, and the Shapes Inspector
highlights these reference boxes. When using a basic shape, the
reference box used by default is the margin-box. You can see in the
screenshot that the shape is being defined with reference to that part
of the Box Model.

You can add the various box values after your basic shape definition.
Therefore the default behavior is as if you have defined.

[css]

```css
.shape {
  shape-outside: circle(50%) margin-box;
}
```

You can therefore change this in order that your shape uses the
different parts of the box model, for example to use the border.

[css]

```css
.shape {
  shape-outside: circle(50%) border-box;
}
```

What is worth noting is that the `margin-box` will clip the shape,
therefore shapes created in reference to other shapes which extend past
the margin box will have the shape clipped to the margin box. We will
see this in the following examples of basic shapes.

For an excellent description of references boxes as they apply to CSS
Shapes, see [Understanding Reference Boxes for CSS
Shapes](http://razvancaliman.com/writing/css-shapes-reference-boxes/).

inset()
-------

The `inset()` type defines a rectangle, which may not seem very useful
as floating an item will give you a rectangular shape around it. However
the `inset()` types enables the definition of offsets, thus pulling the
content in over the shape.

Therefore `inset()` takes four values for the top, right, bottom and
left values plus a final value for `border-radius`. The below CSS
creates a rectangular shape inset from the reference box of the floated
element 20 pixels from the top and bottom and 10 pixels from the left
and right, with a border-radius value of 10 pixels.

[css]

```css
.shape {
  float: left;
  shape-outside: inset(20px 10px 20px 10px round 10px);
}
```

Using the same rules as we use for the margin shorthand, you can set
more than one offset at once. If there is only one value, it applies to
all sides. If there are two values, the top and bottom offsets are set
to the first value and the right and left offsets are set to the second.
If there are three values, the top is set to the first value, the left
and right are set to the second, and the bottom is set to the third. If
there are four values, they apply to the top, right, bottom, and left,
respectively. So, the above rules could also be described as:

[css]

```css
.shape {
  float: left;
  shape-outside: inset(20px 10px round 10px);
}
```

In the example below we have an `inset()` shape used to pull content
over the floated element. Change the offset values to see how the shape
changes.

You can also add the Box Value that you wish to use as a reference box.
In the example below change the reference box from `margin-box` to
`border-box`, `padding-box` or `content-box` to see how the reference
box used as the starting point before offsets are calculated changes.

circle()
--------

The `circle()` value for `shape-outside` can accept two possible
arguments. The first is the `shape-radius`.

Both `circle()` and `ellipse()` values for `shape-outside` are specified
as accepting this argument of `<shape-radius>`. This argument can be a
length or percentage but can also be one of the keywords `closest-side`
or `farthest-side`.

The keyword `closest-side` uses the length from the center of the shape
to the closest side of the reference box. For circles, this is the
closest side in any dimension. For ellipses, this is the closest side in
the radius dimension.

The keyword `farthest-side` uses the length from the center of the shape
to the farthest side of the reference box. For circles, this is the
farthest side in any dimension. For ellipses, this is the farthest side
in the radius dimension.

The second argument is a `position`. If omitted this will be set to
`center`. However you can use any valid position here to indicate the
position of the center of the circle.

Our circle therefore accepts one radius value, which may be a length, a
percentage or the closest-side or farthest side keyword then optionally
the keyword **at** followed by a position value.

In the below example I have created a circle on an item with a width of
100 pixels, plus a margin of 20 pixels. This gives a total width for the
reference box of 140 pixels. I have given a value of 50% for the
shape-radius value which means that our radius is 70px. I have then set
the position value to 30%.

In the live example you can play with increasing or decreasing the size
of the circle by changing the size of the radius, moving the circle
around with the position value, or setting a reference box as we did for
`inset()`.

As an additional example, if you use the keywords `top left` for
position, you can make a quarter circle shape in the top left corner of
the page. The example below uses generated content to create a quarter
circle shape for text to flow around.

### The shape will be clipped by the margin box

When describing Reference Boxes I explained that the margin-box will
clip the shape. You can see this by moving the center of our circle
towards the content by setting the position to 60%. The center of the
circle is now nearer the content and the circle extends past the
margin-box. This means that the extension becomes clipped and squared
off.

[css]

```css
img {
  float: left;
  shape-outside: circle(50% at 60%);
}
```

![The circle shape is clipped by the margin
box](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes/Basic_shapes/shapes-circle-clipped.png)

ellipse()
---------

An ellipse is essentially a squashed circle and so `ellipse()` acts in a
very similar way to `circle()` except that we have to specify two radii
x and y in that order.

These may then be followed by position values as with `circle()` to move
the center of the ellipse around. In the example below we have an
ellipse with an x radius of 40%, a y radius of 50% and the position
being left. This means that the center of the ellipse is on the left
edge of the box giving us a half ellipse shape to wrap our text around.
You can change these values to see how the ellipse changes.

The keyword values of `closest-side` and `farthest-side` are useful to
create a quick ellipse based on the size of the floated element
reference box.

polygon()
---------

The final Basic Shape is the most complex and enables the creation of
many side shapes by way of creating a `polygon()`. This shape accepts
three or more pairs of values (a polygon must at least draw a triangle).
These values are co-ordinates drawn with reference to the reference box.

In the example below I have created a shape for text to follow using the
`polygon()`, you can change any of the values to see how the shape is
changed.

You may well find the Firefox Shape Inspector very useful here to create
your polygon shape. The screenshot below shows the shape highlighted in
the tool.

![The polygon basic shape, highlighted with the Shapes
Inspector.](data:image/png;base64,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)

Another useful resource is [Clippy](https://bennettfeely.com/clippy/) -
a tool for creating shapes for `clip-path`, as the values for Basic
Shapes are the same as those used for `clip-path`.

© 2005--2023 MDN contributors.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License v2.5
or later.\
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes/Basic_shapes>
