Package encoding
================

-   `import "encoding"`
-   [Overview](#pkg-overview)
-   [Index](#pkg-index)
-   [Subdirectories](#pkg-subdirectories)

Overview 
--------

Package encoding defines interfaces shared by other packages that
convert data to and from byte-level and textual representations.
Packages that check for these interfaces include encoding/gob,
encoding/json, and encoding/xml. As a result, implementing an interface
once can make a type useful in multiple encodings. Standard types that
implement these interfaces include time.Time and net.IP. The interfaces
come in pairs that produce and consume encoded data.

Adding encoding/decoding methods to existing types may constitute a
breaking change, as they can be used for serialization in communicating
with programs written with different library versions. The policy for
packages maintained by the Go project is to only allow the addition of
marshaling functions if no existing, reasonable marshaling exists.

Index 
-----

-   [type BinaryMarshaler](#BinaryMarshaler)
-   [type BinaryUnmarshaler](#BinaryUnmarshaler)
-   [type TextMarshaler](#TextMarshaler)
-   [type TextUnmarshaler](#TextUnmarshaler)

### Package files

encoding.go

type BinaryMarshaler 
---------------------------------------------------

BinaryMarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
marshal itself into a binary form.

MarshalBinary encodes the receiver into a binary form and returns the
result.

```go
type BinaryMarshaler interface {
    MarshalBinary() (data []byte, err error)
}
```

type BinaryUnmarshaler 
-----------------------------------------------------

BinaryUnmarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
unmarshal a binary representation of itself.

UnmarshalBinary must be able to decode the form generated by
MarshalBinary. UnmarshalBinary must copy the data if it wishes to retain
the data after returning.

```go
type BinaryUnmarshaler interface {
    UnmarshalBinary(data []byte) error
}
```

type TextMarshaler 
-------------------------------------------------

TextMarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can marshal
itself into a textual form.

MarshalText encodes the receiver into UTF-8-encoded text and returns the
result.

```go
type TextMarshaler interface {
    MarshalText() (text []byte, err error)
}
```

type TextUnmarshaler 
---------------------------------------------------

TextUnmarshaler is the interface implemented by an object that can
unmarshal a textual representation of itself.

UnmarshalText must be able to decode the form generated by MarshalText.
UnmarshalText must copy the text if it wishes to retain the text after
returning.

```go
type TextUnmarshaler interface {
    UnmarshalText(text []byte) error
}
```

Subdirectories 
--------------

 
Name


Synopsis

[..](../index)

[ascii85](ascii85/index)

Package ascii85 implements the ascii85 data encoding as used in the btoa
tool and Adobe\'s PostScript and PDF document formats.

[asn1](asn1/index)

Package asn1 implements parsing of DER-encoded ASN.1 data structures, as
defined in ITU-T Rec X.690.

[base32](base32/index)

Package base32 implements base32 encoding as specified by RFC 4648.

[base64](base64/index)

Package base64 implements base64 encoding as specified by RFC 4648.

[binary](binary/index)

Package binary implements simple translation between numbers and byte
sequences and encoding and decoding of varints.

[csv](csv/index)

Package csv reads and writes comma-separated values (CSV) files.

[gob](gob/index)

Package gob manages streams of gobs - binary values exchanged between an
Encoder (transmitter) and a Decoder (receiver).

[hex](hex/index)

Package hex implements hexadecimal encoding and decoding.

[json](json/index)

Package json implements encoding and decoding of JSON as defined in RFC
7159.

[pem](pem/index)

Package pem implements the PEM data encoding, which originated in
Privacy Enhanced Mail.

[xml](xml/index)

Package xml implements a simple XML 1.0 parser that understands XML name
spaces.

 
© Google, Inc.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.\
https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/>

