rel=prerender
=============

**Deprecated:** This feature is no longer recommended. Though some
browsers might still support it, it may have already been removed from
the relevant web standards, may be in the process of being dropped, or
may only be kept for compatibility purposes. Avoid using it, and update
existing code if possible; see the [compatibility
table](#browser_compatibility) at the bottom of this page to guide your
decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.

**Non-standard:** This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards
track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not
work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between
implementations and the behavior may change in the future.

The `prerender` keyword for the [`rel`](../../element/link#rel)
attribute of the [`<link>`](../../element/link) element is a hint to
browsers that the user might need the target resource for the next
navigation, and therefore the browser can likely improve the user
experience by preemptively fetching and processing the resource --- for
example, by fetching its subresources or performing some rendering in
the background offscreen.

This feature is superceded by the [Speculation Rules
API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Speculation_Rules_API).

Specifications
--------------

**No specification found**

No specification data found for `html.elements.link.rel.prerender`.\
[Check for problems with this page](#on-github) or contribute a missing
`spec_url` to
[mdn/browser-compat-data](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data).
Also make sure the specification is included in
[w3c/browser-specs](https://github.com/w3c/browser-specs).

Browser compatibility
---------------------

Desktop

Mobile

Chrome

Edge

Firefox

Internet Explorer

Opera

Safari

WebView Android

Chrome Android

Firefox for Android

Opera Android

Safari on IOS

Samsung Internet

`prerender`

13

79

No

11

15

No

4.4

18

No

14

No

1.5

See also
--------

- [Speculative
    loading](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Performance/Speculative_loading)
    for a comparison of `<link rel="prerender">` and other similar
    performance improvement features.

Â© 2005--2023 MDN contributors.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License v2.5
or later.\
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/prerender>>
