Subgrid
=======

Baseline: [Not widely supported]
-------------------------------------------

Baseline is determined by this web feature being supported on the
current and the previous major versions of major browsers.

- [Learn
    more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/blog/baseline-unified-view-stable-web-features/)
- [See full compatibility](#browser_compatibility)

Level 2 of the CSS Grid Layout specification includes a `subgrid` value
for [`grid-template-columns`](grid-template-columns.md) and
[`grid-template-rows`](grid-template-rows.md). This guide details what
subgrid does and gives some use cases and design patterns that the
feature solves.

Introduction to subgrid
-----------------------

When you add `display: grid` to a grid container, only the direct
children become grid items and can then be placed on the grid you
created. The children of these items display in normal flow.

You can \"nest\" grids by making a grid item a grid container. These
grids, however, are independent of the parent grid and of each other,
meaning that they do not take their track sizing from the parent grid.
This makes it difficult to line nested grid items up with the main grid.

If you set the value `subgrid` on `grid-template-columns`,
`grid-template-rows` or both, instead of creating a new track listing
the nested grid uses the tracks defined on the parent.

For example, if you use `grid-template-columns: subgrid` and the nested
grid spans three column tracks of the parent, the nested grid will have
three column tracks of the same size as the parent grid. Gaps are
inherited but can also be overridden with a different [`gap`](gap.md)
value. Line names can be passed from the parent into the subgrid, and
the subgrid can also declare its own line names.

Subgrid for columns
-------------------

In the example below, I have a grid layout with nine `1fr` column tracks
and four rows that are a minimum of 100px tall.

I place `.item` from column lines 2 to 7 and rows 2 to 4. I then make
this grid item into a grid, giving it column tracks that are a subgrid
and defining rows as normal. As the item spans five column tracks, this
means that the subgrid has five-column tracks. I can then place
`.subitem` on this grid.

The rows in this example are not a subgrid, and so behave as a nested
grid does normally. The grid area on the parent expands to be large
enough for this nested grid.

Note that line numbering restarts inside the subgrid --- column line 1,
when inside the subgrid, is the first line of the subgrid. The
subgridded element doesn\'t inherit the line numbers of the parent grid.
This means that you can safely lay out a component that may be placed in
different positions on the main grid, knowing that the line numbers on
the component will always be the same.

Subgrid for rows
----------------

The next example is the same setup; however, we are using `subgrid` as
the value of `grid-template-rows` and defining explicit column tracks.
So, the column tracks behave as a regular nested grid, but the rows are
tied to the two tracks that the child spans.

A subgrid in both dimensions
----------------------------

You can define both rows and columns as a subgrid, as in the example
below. This means that your subgrid is tied in both dimensions to the
number of tracks on the parent.

### No implicit grid in a subgridded dimension

If you need to autoplace items and do not know how many items you will
have, take care when creating a subgrid, as it will prevent additional
rows from being created to hold those items.

Take a look at the next example --- it uses the same parent and child
grid as in the example above. However, I have twelve items inside the
subgrid trying to autoplace into ten grid cells. As the subgrid is on
both dimensions, there is nowhere for the extra two items to go, so they
go into the last track of the grid, as defined in the specification.

If we remove the `grid-template-rows` value, we enable regular creation
of implicit tracks and although these won\'t line up with the tracks of
the parent, as many as are required will be created.

The gap properties and subgrid
------------------------------

If you have a [`gap`](gap.md), [`column-gap`](column-gap.md), or
[`row-gap`](row-gap.md) specified on the parent, this will be passed
into the subgrid, so it will have the same spacing between tracks as the
parent. In some situations, however, you may wish the subgrid tracks to
have a different gap or no gap. This can be achieved by using the
`gap-*` properties on the grid container of the subgrid.

You can see this in the example below. The parent grid has a gap of 20px
for rows and columns. The subgrid has `row-gap` set to `0`.

If you inspect this in the Firefox Grid Inspector, you can see how the
line of the grid is in the correct place down the center of the gap, so
when we set the gap to 0, it acts in a similar way to applying a
negative margin to an element, giving the space from the gap back to the
item.

Named grid lines
----------------

When using CSS Grid, you can name lines on your grid and then position
items based on those names rather than the line number. The line names
on the parent grid are passed into the subgrid, and you can place items
using them. In the example below, I named lines on the parent
`col-start` and `col-end` and then used those to place the subitem.

You can also specify line names on the subgrid. This is achieved by
adding a list of line names enclosed in square brackets after the
`subgrid` keyword. If you have four lines in your subgrid, to name them
all, you could use the syntax
`grid-template-columns: subgrid [line1] [line2] [line3] [line4]`

Lines specified on the subgrid are added to any lines specified on the
parent, so you can use either or both. To demonstrate this, I have
positioned one item in the example below using the parent lines and one
using the subgrid lines.

Using subgrids
--------------

Other than needing to take care of items that do not fit in your
subgrid, a subgrid acts very similarly to any nested grid; the only
difference is that the track sizing of the subgrid is set on the parent
grid. As with any nested grid, however, the size of the content in the
subgrid can change the track sizing, assuming a track sizing method is
used that allows content to affect the size. In such a case, auto-sized
row tracks, for example, will grow to fit content in the main grid and
content in the subgrid.

As the subgrid value acts in much the same way as a regular nested grid,
it is easy to switch between the two. For example, if you realize that
you need an implicit grid for rows, you would need to remove the
`subgrid` value of `grid-template-rows` and perhaps give a value for
`grid-auto-rows` to control the implicit track sizing.

Specifications
--------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Specification
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  [CSS Grid Layout Module Level 2\
  [\# subgrids]](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid/#subgrids)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Browser compatibility
---------------------

Desktop

Mobile

Chrome

Edge

Firefox

Internet Explorer

Opera

Safari

WebView Android

Chrome Android

Firefox for Android

Opera Android

Safari on IOS

Samsung Internet

`Subgrid`

117

117

71

No

103

16

117

117

79

No

16

No

See also
--------

- On the Mozilla Developer YouTube Channel, see the videos [Laying out
    forms using subgrid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmQlK3kRft4)
    and [Don\'t Wait To Use Subgrid For Better Card
    Layouts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLnFtK1LNu4)
- [Hello Subgrid!](https://noti.st/rachelandrew/i6gUcF/hello-subgrid)
    A presentation from CSSConf.eu

Â© 2005--2023 MDN contributors.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License v2.5
or later.\
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout/Subgrid>
