Package ecdsa
=============

-   `import "crypto/ecdsa"`
-   [Overview](#pkg-overview)
-   [Index](#pkg-index)
-   [Examples](#pkg-examples)

Overview 
--------

Package ecdsa implements the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm,
as defined in FIPS 186-4 and SEC 1, Version 2.0.

Signatures generated by this package are not deterministic, but entropy
is mixed with the private key and the message, achieving the same level
of security in case of randomness source failure.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
privateKey, err := ecdsa.GenerateKey(elliptic.P256(), rand.Reader)
if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

msg := "hello, world"
hash := sha256.Sum256([]byte(msg))

sig, err := ecdsa.SignASN1(rand.Reader, privateKey, hash[:])
if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}
fmt.Printf("signature: %x\n", sig)

valid := ecdsa.VerifyASN1(&privateKey.PublicKey, hash[:], sig)
fmt.Println("signature verified:", valid)
```

Index 
-----

-   [func Sign(rand io.Reader, priv \*PrivateKey, hash \[\]byte) (r, s
    \*big.Int, err error)](#Sign)
-   [func SignASN1(rand io.Reader, priv \*PrivateKey, hash \[\]byte)
    (\[\]byte, error)](#SignASN1)
-   [func Verify(pub \*PublicKey, hash \[\]byte, r, s \*big.Int)
    bool](#Verify)
-   [func VerifyASN1(pub \*PublicKey, hash, sig \[\]byte)
    bool](#VerifyASN1)
-   [type PrivateKey](#PrivateKey)
-   [func GenerateKey(c elliptic.Curve, rand io.Reader) (\*PrivateKey,
    error)](#GenerateKey)
-   [func (k \*PrivateKey) ECDH() (\*ecdh.PrivateKey,
    error)](#PrivateKey.ECDH)
-   [func (priv \*PrivateKey) Equal(x crypto.PrivateKey)
    bool](#PrivateKey.Equal)
-   [func (priv \*PrivateKey) Public()
    crypto.PublicKey](#PrivateKey.Public)
-   [func (priv \*PrivateKey) Sign(rand io.Reader, digest \[\]byte, opts
    crypto.SignerOpts) (\[\]byte, error)](#PrivateKey.Sign)
-   [type PublicKey](#PublicKey)
-   [func (k \*PublicKey) ECDH() (\*ecdh.PublicKey,
    error)](#PublicKey.ECDH)
-   [func (pub \*PublicKey) Equal(x crypto.PublicKey)
    bool](#PublicKey.Equal)

 
### Examples

[Package](#example_)


### Package files

ecdsa.go ecdsa\_legacy.go ecdsa\_noasm.go notboring.go

func Sign 
---------

```go
func Sign(rand io.Reader, priv *PrivateKey, hash []byte) (r, s *big.Int, err error)
```

Sign signs a hash (which should be the result of hashing a larger
message) using the private key, priv. If the hash is longer than the
bit-length of the private key\'s curve order, the hash will be truncated
to that length. It returns the signature as a pair of integers. Most
applications should use SignASN1 instead of dealing directly with r, s.

func SignASN1 
----------------------------------------------

```go
func SignASN1(rand io.Reader, priv *PrivateKey, hash []byte) ([]byte, error)
```

SignASN1 signs a hash (which should be the result of hashing a larger
message) using the private key, priv. If the hash is longer than the
bit-length of the private key\'s curve order, the hash will be truncated
to that length. It returns the ASN.1 encoded signature.

The signature is randomized. Most applications should use
crypto/rand.Reader as rand. Note that the returned signature does not
depend deterministically on the bytes read from rand, and may change
between calls and/or between versions.

func Verify 
-----------

```go
func Verify(pub *PublicKey, hash []byte, r, s *big.Int) bool
```

Verify verifies the signature in r, s of hash using the public key, pub.
Its return value records whether the signature is valid. Most
applications should use VerifyASN1 instead of dealing directly with r,
s.

func VerifyASN1 
------------------------------------------------

```go
func VerifyASN1(pub *PublicKey, hash, sig []byte) bool
```

VerifyASN1 verifies the ASN.1 encoded signature, sig, of hash using the
public key, pub. Its return value records whether the signature is
valid.

type PrivateKey 
---------------

PrivateKey represents an ECDSA private key.

```go
type PrivateKey struct {
    PublicKey
    D *big.Int
}
```

### func GenerateKey 

```go
func GenerateKey(c elliptic.Curve, rand io.Reader) (*PrivateKey, error)
```

GenerateKey generates a new ECDSA private key for the specified curve.

Most applications should use crypto/rand.Reader as rand. Note that the
returned key does not depend deterministically on the bytes read from
rand, and may change between calls and/or between versions.

### func (\*PrivateKey) ECDH 

```go
func (k *PrivateKey) ECDH() (*ecdh.PrivateKey, error)
```

ECDH returns k as a ecdh.PrivateKey. It returns an error if the key is
invalid according to the definition of ecdh.Curve.NewPrivateKey, or if
the Curve is not supported by crypto/ecdh.

### func (\*PrivateKey) Equal 

```go
func (priv *PrivateKey) Equal(x crypto.PrivateKey) bool
```

Equal reports whether priv and x have the same value.

See PublicKey.Equal for details on how Curve is compared.

### func (\*PrivateKey) Public 

```go
func (priv *PrivateKey) Public() crypto.PublicKey
```

Public returns the public key corresponding to priv.

### func (\*PrivateKey) Sign 

```go
func (priv *PrivateKey) Sign(rand io.Reader, digest []byte, opts crypto.SignerOpts) ([]byte, error)
```

Sign signs digest with priv, reading randomness from rand. The opts
argument is not currently used but, in keeping with the crypto.Signer
interface, should be the hash function used to digest the message.

This method implements crypto.Signer, which is an interface to support
keys where the private part is kept in, for example, a hardware module.
Common uses can use the SignASN1 function in this package directly.

type PublicKey 
--------------

PublicKey represents an ECDSA public key.

```go
type PublicKey struct {
    elliptic.Curve
    X, Y *big.Int
}
```

### func (\*PublicKey) ECDH 

```go
func (k *PublicKey) ECDH() (*ecdh.PublicKey, error)
```

ECDH returns k as a ecdh.PublicKey. It returns an error if the key is
invalid according to the definition of ecdh.Curve.NewPublicKey, or if
the Curve is not supported by crypto/ecdh.

### func (\*PublicKey) Equal 

```go
func (pub *PublicKey) Equal(x crypto.PublicKey) bool
```

Equal reports whether pub and x have the same value.

Two keys are only considered to have the same value if they have the
same Curve value. Note that for example elliptic.P256() and
elliptic.P256().Params() are different values, as the latter is a
generic not constant time implementation.

 
© Google, Inc.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.\
https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/ecdsa/>

