Package multipart
=================

-   `import "mime/multipart"`
-   [Overview](#pkg-overview)
-   [Index](#pkg-index)
-   [Examples](#pkg-examples)

Overview 
--------

Package multipart implements MIME multipart parsing, as defined in RFC
2046.

The implementation is sufficient for HTTP (RFC 2388) and the multipart
bodies generated by popular browsers.

### Limits 

To protect against malicious inputs, this package sets limits on the
size of the MIME data it processes.

Reader.NextPart and Reader.NextRawPart limit the number of headers in a
part to 10000 and Reader.ReadForm limits the total number of headers in
all FileHeaders to 10000. These limits may be adjusted with the
GODEBUG=multipartmaxheaders=\<values\> setting.

Reader.ReadForm further limits the number of parts in a form to 1000.
This limit may be adjusted with the GODEBUG=multipartmaxparts=\<value\>
setting.

Copyright 2023 The Go Authors. All rights reserved. Use of this source
code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be found in the LICENSE
file.

Index 
-----

-   [Variables](#pkg-variables)
-   [type File](#File)
-   [type FileHeader](#FileHeader)
-   [func (fh \*FileHeader) Open() (File, error)](#FileHeader.Open)
-   [type Form](#Form)
-   [func (f \*Form) RemoveAll() error](#Form.RemoveAll)
-   [type Part](#Part)
-   [func (p \*Part) Close() error](#Part.Close)
-   [func (p \*Part) FileName() string](#Part.FileName)
-   [func (p \*Part) FormName() string](#Part.FormName)
-   [func (p \*Part) Read(d \[\]byte) (n int, err error)](#Part.Read)
-   [type Reader](#Reader)
-   [func NewReader(r io.Reader, boundary string) \*Reader](#NewReader)
-   [func (r \*Reader) NextPart() (\*Part, error)](#Reader.NextPart)
-   [func (r \*Reader) NextRawPart() (\*Part,
    error)](#Reader.NextRawPart)
-   [func (r \*Reader) ReadForm(maxMemory int64) (\*Form,
    error)](#Reader.ReadForm)
-   [type Writer](#Writer)
-   [func NewWriter(w io.Writer) \*Writer](#NewWriter)
-   [func (w \*Writer) Boundary() string](#Writer.Boundary)
-   [func (w \*Writer) Close() error](#Writer.Close)
-   [func (w \*Writer) CreateFormField(fieldname string) (io.Writer,
    error)](#Writer.CreateFormField)
-   [func (w \*Writer) CreateFormFile(fieldname, filename string)
    (io.Writer, error)](#Writer.CreateFormFile)
-   [func (w \*Writer) CreatePart(header textproto.MIMEHeader)
    (io.Writer, error)](#Writer.CreatePart)
-   [func (w \*Writer) FormDataContentType()
    string](#Writer.FormDataContentType)
-   [func (w \*Writer) SetBoundary(boundary string)
    error](#Writer.SetBoundary)
-   [func (w \*Writer) WriteField(fieldname, value string)
    error](#Writer.WriteField)

 
### Examples

[NewReader](#example_NewReader)


### Package files

formdata.go multipart.go readmimeheader.go writer.go

Variables 
---------

ErrMessageTooLarge is returned by ReadForm if the message form data is
too large to be processed.

```go
var ErrMessageTooLarge = errors.New("multipart: message too large")
```

type File 
---------

File is an interface to access the file part of a multipart message. Its
contents may be either stored in memory or on disk. If stored on disk,
the File\'s underlying concrete type will be an \*os.File.

```go
type File interface {
    io.Reader
    io.ReaderAt
    io.Seeker
    io.Closer
}
```

type FileHeader 
---------------

A FileHeader describes a file part of a multipart request.

```go
type FileHeader struct {
    Filename string
    Header   textproto.MIMEHeader
    Size     int64 // Go 1.9
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func (\*FileHeader) Open 

```go
func (fh *FileHeader) Open() (File, error)
```

Open opens and returns the FileHeader\'s associated File.

type Form 
---------

Form is a parsed multipart form. Its File parts are stored either in
memory or on disk, and are accessible via the \*FileHeader\'s Open
method. Its Value parts are stored as strings. Both are keyed by field
name.

```go
type Form struct {
    Value map[string][]string
    File  map[string][]*FileHeader
}
```

### func (\*Form) RemoveAll 

```go
func (f *Form) RemoveAll() error
```

RemoveAll removes any temporary files associated with a Form.

type Part 
---------

A Part represents a single part in a multipart body.

```go
type Part struct {
    // The headers of the body, if any, with the keys canonicalized
    // in the same fashion that the Go http.Request headers are.
    // For example, "foo-bar" changes case to "Foo-Bar"
    Header textproto.MIMEHeader
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func (\*Part) Close 

```go
func (p *Part) Close() error
```

### func (\*Part) FileName 

```go
func (p *Part) FileName() string
```

FileName returns the filename parameter of the Part\'s
Content-Disposition header. If not empty, the filename is passed through
filepath.Base (which is platform dependent) before being returned.

### func (\*Part) FormName 

```go
func (p *Part) FormName() string
```

FormName returns the name parameter if p has a Content-Disposition of
type \"form-data\". Otherwise it returns the empty string.

### func (\*Part) Read 

```go
func (p *Part) Read(d []byte) (n int, err error)
```

Read reads the body of a part, after its headers and before the next
part (if any) begins.

type Reader 
-----------

Reader is an iterator over parts in a MIME multipart body. Reader\'s
underlying parser consumes its input as needed. Seeking isn\'t
supported.

```go
type Reader struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func NewReader 

```go
func NewReader(r io.Reader, boundary string) *Reader
```

NewReader creates a new multipart Reader reading from r using the given
MIME boundary.

The boundary is usually obtained from the \"boundary\" parameter of the
message\'s \"Content-Type\" header. Use mime.ParseMediaType to parse
such headers.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
msg := &mail.Message{
    Header: map[string][]string{
        "Content-Type": {"multipart/mixed; boundary=foo"},
    },
    Body: strings.NewReader(
        "--foo\r\nFoo: one\r\n\r\nA section\r\n" +
            "--foo\r\nFoo: two\r\n\r\nAnd another\r\n" +
            "--foo--\r\n"),
}
mediaType, params, err := mime.ParseMediaType(msg.Header.Get("Content-Type"))
if err != nil {
    log.Fatal(err)
}
if strings.HasPrefix(mediaType, "multipart/") {
    mr := multipart.NewReader(msg.Body, params["boundary"])
    for {
        p, err := mr.NextPart()
        if err == io.EOF {
            return
        }
        if err != nil {
            log.Fatal(err)
        }
        slurp, err := io.ReadAll(p)
        if err != nil {
            log.Fatal(err)
        }
        fmt.Printf("Part %q: %q\n", p.Header.Get("Foo"), slurp)
    }
}
```

Output:

```go
Part "one": "A section"
Part "two": "And another"
```

### func (\*Reader) NextPart 

```go
func (r *Reader) NextPart() (*Part, error)
```

NextPart returns the next part in the multipart or an error. When there
are no more parts, the error io.EOF is returned.

As a special case, if the \"Content-Transfer-Encoding\" header has a
value of \"quoted-printable\", that header is instead hidden and the
body is transparently decoded during Read calls.

### func (\*Reader) NextRawPart 

```go
func (r *Reader) NextRawPart() (*Part, error)
```

NextRawPart returns the next part in the multipart or an error. When
there are no more parts, the error io.EOF is returned.

Unlike NextPart, it does not have special handling for
\"Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable\".

### func (\*Reader) ReadForm 

```go
func (r *Reader) ReadForm(maxMemory int64) (*Form, error)
```

ReadForm parses an entire multipart message whose parts have a
Content-Disposition of \"form-data\". It stores up to maxMemory bytes +
10MB (reserved for non-file parts) in memory. File parts which can\'t be
stored in memory will be stored on disk in temporary files. It returns
ErrMessageTooLarge if all non-file parts can\'t be stored in memory.

type Writer 
-----------

A Writer generates multipart messages.

```go
type Writer struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func NewWriter 

```go
func NewWriter(w io.Writer) *Writer
```

NewWriter returns a new multipart Writer with a random boundary, writing
to w.

### func (\*Writer) Boundary 

```go
func (w *Writer) Boundary() string
```

Boundary returns the Writer\'s boundary.

### func (\*Writer) Close 

```go
func (w *Writer) Close() error
```

Close finishes the multipart message and writes the trailing boundary
end line to the output.

### func (\*Writer) CreateFormField 

```go
func (w *Writer) CreateFormField(fieldname string) (io.Writer, error)
```

CreateFormField calls CreatePart with a header using the given field
name.

### func (\*Writer) CreateFormFile 

```go
func (w *Writer) CreateFormFile(fieldname, filename string) (io.Writer, error)
```

CreateFormFile is a convenience wrapper around CreatePart. It creates a
new form-data header with the provided field name and file name.

### func (\*Writer) CreatePart 

```go
func (w *Writer) CreatePart(header textproto.MIMEHeader) (io.Writer, error)
```

CreatePart creates a new multipart section with the provided header. The
body of the part should be written to the returned Writer. After calling
CreatePart, any previous part may no longer be written to.

### func (\*Writer) FormDataContentType 

```go
func (w *Writer) FormDataContentType() string
```

FormDataContentType returns the Content-Type for an HTTP
multipart/form-data with this Writer\'s Boundary.

### func (\*Writer) SetBoundary 

```go
func (w *Writer) SetBoundary(boundary string) error
```

SetBoundary overrides the Writer\'s default randomly-generated boundary
separator with an explicit value.

SetBoundary must be called before any parts are created, may only
contain certain ASCII characters, and must be non-empty and at most 70
bytes long.

### func (\*Writer) WriteField 

```go
func (w *Writer) WriteField(fieldname, value string) error
```

WriteField calls CreateFormField and then writes the given value.

 
© Google, Inc.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.\
https://golang.org/pkg/mime/multipart/>

