Basic concepts of logical properties and values
===============================================

The Logical Properties and Values Specification introduces flow-relative
mappings for many of the properties and values in CSS. This article
introduces the specification, and explains flow relative properties and
values.

Why do we need logical properties?
----------------------------------

CSS traditionally has sized things according to the physical dimensions
of the screen. Therefore we describe boxes as having a
[`width`](_Resources/Markup%20And%20Styling/css/width.md) and [`height`](_Resources/Markup%20And%20Styling/css/height.md), position items from the
`top` and `left`, float things left, assign borders, margin, and padding
to the `top`, `right`, `bottom`, `left`, etc. The [Logical Properties
and Values specification](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-logical/) defines
mappings for these physical values to their logical, or flow relative,
counterparts --- e.g. `start` and `end` as opposed to `left` and
`right`/`top` and `bottom`.

An example of why these mappings might be needed is as follows. I have a
Layout using CSS Grid, the grid container has a width applied and I am
using the [`align-self`](align-self.md) and
[`justify-self`](justify-self.md) properties to align the items. These
properties are flow relative --- `justify-self: start` aligns the item
to the start on the inline dimension, `align-self: start` does the same
on the block dimension.

If I now change the writing mode of this component to `vertical-rl`
using the [`writing-mode`](writing-mode.md) property, the alignment
continues to work in the same way. The inline dimension is now running
vertically and the block dimension horizontally. The grid doesn\'t look
the same, however, as the width assigned to the container is a
horizontal measure, a measure tied to the physical and not the logical
or flow relative running of the text.

If instead of the `width` property we use the logical property
[`inline-size`](inline-size.md), the component now works the same way no
matter which writing mode it is displayed using.

You can try this out in the live example below. Change `writing-mode`
from `vertical-rl` to `horizontal-tb` on `.grid` to see how the
different properties change the layout.

When working with a site in a writing mode other than a horizontal, top
to bottom one, or when using writing modes for creative reasons, being
able to relate to the flow of the content makes a lot of sense.

Block and inline dimensions
---------------------------

A key concept of working with flow relative properties and values is the
two dimensions of block and inline. As we saw above, newer CSS layout
methods such as Flexbox and Grid Layout use the concepts of `block` and
`inline` rather than `right` and `left`/`top` and `bottom` when aligning
items.

The `inline` dimension is the dimension along which a line of text runs
in the writing mode in use. Therefore, in an English document with the
text running horizontally left to right, or an Arabic document with the
text running horizontally right to left, the inline dimension is
*horizontal*. Switch to a vertical writing mode (e.g. a Japanese
document) and the inline dimension is now *vertical*, as lines in that
writing mode run vertically.

The block dimension is the other dimension, and the direction in which
blocks --- such as paragraphs --- display one after the other. In
English and Arabic, these run vertically, whereas in any vertical
writing mode these run horizontally.

The below diagram shows the inline and block directions in a horizontal
writing mode:

This diagram shows block and inline in a vertical writing mode:

See also
--------

- [](_Resources/Markup%20And%20Styling/css/css_grid_layout/box_alignment_in_grid_layout.md)
- [](box_alignment_in_flexbox.md)
- [](flow_layout_and_writing_modes.md)
- [Understanding logical properties and
    values](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/03/understanding-logical-properties-values/)
    on Smashing Magazine (2018)

Â© 2005--2023 MDN contributors.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License v2.5
or later.\
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values/Basic_concepts_of_logical_properties_and_values>
