Package time
============

-   `import "time"`
-   [Overview](#pkg-overview)
-   [Index](#pkg-index)
-   [Examples](#pkg-examples)
-   [Subdirectories](#pkg-subdirectories)

Overview 
--------

Package time provides functionality for measuring and displaying time.

The calendrical calculations always assume a Gregorian calendar, with no
leap seconds.

### Monotonic Clocks 

Operating systems provide both a "wall clock," which is subject to
changes for clock synchronization, and a "monotonic clock," which is
not. The general rule is that the wall clock is for telling time and the
monotonic clock is for measuring time. Rather than split the API, in
this package the Time returned by time.Now contains both a wall clock
reading and a monotonic clock reading; later time-telling operations use
the wall clock reading, but later time-measuring operations,
specifically comparisons and subtractions, use the monotonic clock
reading.

For example, this code always computes a positive elapsed time of
approximately 20 milliseconds, even if the wall clock is changed during
the operation being timed:

```go
start := time.Now()
... operation that takes 20 milliseconds ...
t := time.Now()
elapsed := t.Sub(start)
```

Other idioms, such as time.Since(start), time.Until(deadline), and
time.Now().Before(deadline), are similarly robust against wall clock
resets.

The rest of this section gives the precise details of how operations use
monotonic clocks, but understanding those details is not required to use
this package.

The Time returned by time.Now contains a monotonic clock reading. If
Time t has a monotonic clock reading, t.Add adds the same duration to
both the wall clock and monotonic clock readings to compute the result.
Because t.AddDate(y, m, d), t.Round(d), and t.Truncate(d) are wall time
computations, they always strip any monotonic clock reading from their
results. Because t.In, t.Local, and t.UTC are used for their effect on
the interpretation of the wall time, they also strip any monotonic clock
reading from their results. The canonical way to strip a monotonic clock
reading is to use t = t.Round(0).

If Times t and u both contain monotonic clock readings, the operations
t.After(u), t.Before(u), t.Equal(u), t.Compare(u), and t.Sub(u) are
carried out using the monotonic clock readings alone, ignoring the wall
clock readings. If either t or u contains no monotonic clock reading,
these operations fall back to using the wall clock readings.

On some systems the monotonic clock will stop if the computer goes to
sleep. On such a system, t.Sub(u) may not accurately reflect the actual
time that passed between t and u.

Because the monotonic clock reading has no meaning outside the current
process, the serialized forms generated by t.GobEncode, t.MarshalBinary,
t.MarshalJSON, and t.MarshalText omit the monotonic clock reading, and
t.Format provides no format for it. Similarly, the constructors
time.Date, time.Parse, time.ParseInLocation, and time.Unix, as well as
the unmarshalers t.GobDecode, t.UnmarshalBinary. t.UnmarshalJSON, and
t.UnmarshalText always create times with no monotonic clock reading.

The monotonic clock reading exists only in Time values. It is not a part
of Duration values or the Unix times returned by t.Unix and friends.

Note that the Go == operator compares not just the time instant but also
the Location and the monotonic clock reading. See the documentation for
the Time type for a discussion of equality testing for Time values.

For debugging, the result of t.String does include the monotonic clock
reading if present. If t != u because of different monotonic clock
readings, that difference will be visible when printing t.String() and
u.String().

Index 
-----

-   [Constants](#pkg-constants)
-   [func After(d Duration) \<-chan Time](#After)
-   [func Sleep(d Duration)](#Sleep)
-   [func Tick(d Duration) \<-chan Time](#Tick)
-   [type Duration](#Duration)
-   [func ParseDuration(s string) (Duration, error)](#ParseDuration)
-   [func Since(t Time) Duration](#Since)
-   [func Until(t Time) Duration](#Until)
-   [func (d Duration) Abs() Duration](#Duration.Abs)
-   [func (d Duration) Hours() float64](#Duration.Hours)
-   [func (d Duration) Microseconds() int64](#Duration.Microseconds)
-   [func (d Duration) Milliseconds() int64](#Duration.Milliseconds)
-   [func (d Duration) Minutes() float64](#Duration.Minutes)
-   [func (d Duration) Nanoseconds() int64](#Duration.Nanoseconds)
-   [func (d Duration) Round(m Duration) Duration](#Duration.Round)
-   [func (d Duration) Seconds() float64](#Duration.Seconds)
-   [func (d Duration) String() string](#Duration.String)
-   [func (d Duration) Truncate(m Duration)
    Duration](#Duration.Truncate)
-   [type Location](#Location)
-   [func FixedZone(name string, offset int) \*Location](#FixedZone)
-   [func LoadLocation(name string) (\*Location, error)](#LoadLocation)
-   [func LoadLocationFromTZData(name string, data \[\]byte)
    (\*Location, error)](#LoadLocationFromTZData)
-   [func (l \*Location) String() string](#Location.String)
-   [type Month](#Month)
-   [func (m Month) String() string](#Month.String)
-   [type ParseError](#ParseError)
-   [func (e \*ParseError) Error() string](#ParseError.Error)
-   [type Ticker](#Ticker)
-   [func NewTicker(d Duration) \*Ticker](#NewTicker)
-   [func (t \*Ticker) Reset(d Duration)](#Ticker.Reset)
-   [func (t \*Ticker) Stop()](#Ticker.Stop)
-   [type Time](#Time)
-   [func Date(year int, month Month, day, hour, min, sec, nsec int, loc
    \*Location) Time](#Date)
-   [func Now() Time](#Now)
-   [func Parse(layout, value string) (Time, error)](#Parse)
-   [func ParseInLocation(layout, value string, loc \*Location) (Time,
    error)](#ParseInLocation)
-   [func Unix(sec int64, nsec int64) Time](#Unix)
-   [func UnixMicro(usec int64) Time](#UnixMicro)
-   [func UnixMilli(msec int64) Time](#UnixMilli)
-   [func (t Time) Add(d Duration) Time](#Time.Add)
-   [func (t Time) AddDate(years int, months int, days int)
    Time](#Time.AddDate)
-   [func (t Time) After(u Time) bool](#Time.After)
-   [func (t Time) AppendFormat(b \[\]byte, layout string)
    \[\]byte](#Time.AppendFormat)
-   [func (t Time) Before(u Time) bool](#Time.Before)
-   [func (t Time) Clock() (hour, min, sec int)](#Time.Clock)
-   [func (t Time) Compare(u Time) int](#Time.Compare)
-   [func (t Time) Date() (year int, month Month, day int)](#Time.Date)
-   [func (t Time) Day() int](#Time.Day)
-   [func (t Time) Equal(u Time) bool](#Time.Equal)
-   [func (t Time) Format(layout string) string](#Time.Format)
-   [func (t Time) GoString() string](#Time.GoString)
-   [func (t \*Time) GobDecode(data \[\]byte) error](#Time.GobDecode)
-   [func (t Time) GobEncode() (\[\]byte, error)](#Time.GobEncode)
-   [func (t Time) Hour() int](#Time.Hour)
-   [func (t Time) ISOWeek() (year, week int)](#Time.ISOWeek)
-   [func (t Time) In(loc \*Location) Time](#Time.In)
-   [func (t Time) IsDST() bool](#Time.IsDST)
-   [func (t Time) IsZero() bool](#Time.IsZero)
-   [func (t Time) Local() Time](#Time.Local)
-   [func (t Time) Location() \*Location](#Time.Location)
-   [func (t Time) MarshalBinary() (\[\]byte,
    error)](#Time.MarshalBinary)
-   [func (t Time) MarshalJSON() (\[\]byte, error)](#Time.MarshalJSON)
-   [func (t Time) MarshalText() (\[\]byte, error)](#Time.MarshalText)
-   [func (t Time) Minute() int](#Time.Minute)
-   [func (t Time) Month() Month](#Time.Month)
-   [func (t Time) Nanosecond() int](#Time.Nanosecond)
-   [func (t Time) Round(d Duration) Time](#Time.Round)
-   [func (t Time) Second() int](#Time.Second)
-   [func (t Time) String() string](#Time.String)
-   [func (t Time) Sub(u Time) Duration](#Time.Sub)
-   [func (t Time) Truncate(d Duration) Time](#Time.Truncate)
-   [func (t Time) UTC() Time](#Time.UTC)
-   [func (t Time) Unix() int64](#Time.Unix)
-   [func (t Time) UnixMicro() int64](#Time.UnixMicro)
-   [func (t Time) UnixMilli() int64](#Time.UnixMilli)
-   [func (t Time) UnixNano() int64](#Time.UnixNano)
-   [func (t \*Time) UnmarshalBinary(data \[\]byte)
    error](#Time.UnmarshalBinary)
-   [func (t \*Time) UnmarshalJSON(data \[\]byte)
    error](#Time.UnmarshalJSON)
-   [func (t \*Time) UnmarshalText(data \[\]byte)
    error](#Time.UnmarshalText)
-   [func (t Time) Weekday() Weekday](#Time.Weekday)
-   [func (t Time) Year() int](#Time.Year)
-   [func (t Time) YearDay() int](#Time.YearDay)
-   [func (t Time) Zone() (name string, offset int)](#Time.Zone)
-   [func (t Time) ZoneBounds() (start, end Time)](#Time.ZoneBounds)
-   [type Timer](#Timer)
-   [func AfterFunc(d Duration, f func()) \*Timer](#AfterFunc)
-   [func NewTimer(d Duration) \*Timer](#NewTimer)
-   [func (t \*Timer) Reset(d Duration) bool](#Timer.Reset)
-   [func (t \*Timer) Stop() bool](#Timer.Stop)
-   [type Weekday](#Weekday)
-   [func (d Weekday) String() string](#Weekday.String)

 
### Examples

[After](#example_After)

[Date](#example_Date)

[Duration](#example_Duration)

[Duration.Hours](#example_Duration_Hours)

[Duration.Microseconds](#example_Duration_Microseconds)

[Duration.Milliseconds](#example_Duration_Milliseconds)

[Duration.Minutes](#example_Duration_Minutes)

[Duration.Nanoseconds](#example_Duration_Nanoseconds)

[Duration.Round](#example_Duration_Round)

[Duration.Seconds](#example_Duration_Seconds)

[Duration.String](#example_Duration_String)

[Duration.Truncate](#example_Duration_Truncate)

[FixedZone](#example_FixedZone)

[LoadLocation](#example_LoadLocation)

[Location](#example_Location)

[Month](#example_Month)

[NewTicker](#example_NewTicker)

[Parse](#example_Parse)

[ParseDuration](#example_ParseDuration)

[ParseInLocation](#example_ParseInLocation)

[Sleep](#example_Sleep)

[Tick](#example_Tick)

[Time.Add](#example_Time_Add)

[Time.AddDate](#example_Time_AddDate)

[Time.After](#example_Time_After)

[Time.AppendFormat](#example_Time_AppendFormat)

[Time.Before](#example_Time_Before)

[Time.Date](#example_Time_Date)

[Time.Day](#example_Time_Day)

[Time.Equal](#example_Time_Equal)

[Time.Format](#example_Time_Format)

[Time.Format (Pad)](#example_Time_Format_pad)

[Time.GoString](#example_Time_GoString)

[Time.Round](#example_Time_Round)

[Time.String](#example_Time_String)

[Time.Sub](#example_Time_Sub)

[Time.Truncate](#example_Time_Truncate)

[Time.Unix](#example_Time_Unix)

[Unix](#example_Unix)

[UnixMicro](#example_UnixMicro)

[UnixMilli](#example_UnixMilli)


### Package files

format.go format\_rfc3339.go sleep.go sys\_unix.go tick.go time.go
zoneinfo.go zoneinfo\_goroot.go zoneinfo\_read.go zoneinfo\_unix.go

Constants 
---------

These are predefined layouts for use in Time.Format and time.Parse. The
reference time used in these layouts is the specific time stamp:

```go
01/02 03:04:05PM '06 -0700
```

(January 2, 15:04:05, 2006, in time zone seven hours west of GMT). That
value is recorded as the constant named Layout, listed below. As a Unix
time, this is 1136239445. Since MST is GMT-0700, the reference would be
printed by the Unix date command as:

```go
Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006
```

It is a regrettable historic error that the date uses the American
convention of putting the numerical month before the day.

The example for Time.Format demonstrates the working of the layout
string in detail and is a good reference.

Note that the RFC822, RFC850, and RFC1123 formats should be applied only
to local times. Applying them to UTC times will use \"UTC\" as the time
zone abbreviation, while strictly speaking those RFCs require the use of
\"GMT\" in that case. In general RFC1123Z should be used instead of
RFC1123 for servers that insist on that format, and RFC3339 should be
preferred for new protocols. RFC3339, RFC822, RFC822Z, RFC1123, and
RFC1123Z are useful for formatting; when used with time.Parse they do
not accept all the time formats permitted by the RFCs and they do accept
time formats not formally defined. The RFC3339Nano format removes
trailing zeros from the seconds field and thus may not sort correctly
once formatted.

Most programs can use one of the defined constants as the layout passed
to Format or Parse. The rest of this comment can be ignored unless you
are creating a custom layout string.

To define your own format, write down what the reference time would look
like formatted your way; see the values of constants like ANSIC,
StampMicro or Kitchen for examples. The model is to demonstrate what the
reference time looks like so that the Format and Parse methods can apply
the same transformation to a general time value.

Here is a summary of the components of a layout string. Each element
shows by example the formatting of an element of the reference time.
Only these values are recognized. Text in the layout string that is not
recognized as part of the reference time is echoed verbatim during
Format and expected to appear verbatim in the input to Parse.

```go
Year: "2006" "06"
Month: "Jan" "January" "01" "1"
Day of the week: "Mon" "Monday"
Day of the month: "2" "_2" "02"
Day of the year: "__2" "002"
Hour: "15" "3" "03" (PM or AM)
Minute: "4" "04"
Second: "5" "05"
AM/PM mark: "PM"
```

Numeric time zone offsets format as follows:

```go
"-0700"     ±hhmm
"-07:00"    ±hh:mm
"-07"       ±hh
"-070000"   ±hhmmss
"-07:00:00" ±hh:mm:ss
```

Replacing the sign in the format with a Z triggers the ISO 8601 behavior
of printing Z instead of an offset for the UTC zone. Thus:

```go
"Z0700"      Z or ±hhmm
"Z07:00"     Z or ±hh:mm
"Z07"        Z or ±hh
"Z070000"    Z or ±hhmmss
"Z07:00:00"  Z or ±hh:mm:ss
```

Within the format string, the underscores in \"\_2\" and \"\_\_2\"
represent spaces that may be replaced by digits if the following number
has multiple digits, for compatibility with fixed-width Unix time
formats. A leading zero represents a zero-padded value.

The formats \_\_2 and 002 are space-padded and zero-padded
three-character day of year; there is no unpadded day of year format.

A comma or decimal point followed by one or more zeros represents a
fractional second, printed to the given number of decimal places. A
comma or decimal point followed by one or more nines represents a
fractional second, printed to the given number of decimal places, with
trailing zeros removed. For example \"15:04:05,000\" or \"15:04:05.000\"
formats or parses with millisecond precision.

Some valid layouts are invalid time values for time.Parse, due to
formats such as \_ for space padding and Z for zone information.

```go
const (
    Layout      = "01/02 03:04:05PM '06 -0700" // The reference time, in numerical order.
    ANSIC       = "Mon Jan _2 15:04:05 2006"
    UnixDate    = "Mon Jan _2 15:04:05 MST 2006"
    RubyDate    = "Mon Jan 02 15:04:05 -0700 2006"
    RFC822      = "02 Jan 06 15:04 MST"
    RFC822Z     = "02 Jan 06 15:04 -0700" // RFC822 with numeric zone
    RFC850      = "Monday, 02-Jan-06 15:04:05 MST"
    RFC1123     = "Mon, 02 Jan 2006 15:04:05 MST"
    RFC1123Z    = "Mon, 02 Jan 2006 15:04:05 -0700" // RFC1123 with numeric zone
    RFC3339     = "2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00"
    RFC3339Nano = "2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999Z07:00"
    Kitchen     = "3:04PM"
    // Handy time stamps.
    Stamp      = "Jan _2 15:04:05"
    StampMilli = "Jan _2 15:04:05.000"
    StampMicro = "Jan _2 15:04:05.000000"
    StampNano  = "Jan _2 15:04:05.000000000"
    DateTime   = "2006-01-02 15:04:05"
    DateOnly   = "2006-01-02"
    TimeOnly   = "15:04:05"
)
```

Common durations. There is no definition for units of Day or larger to
avoid confusion across daylight savings time zone transitions.

To count the number of units in a Duration, divide:

```go
second := time.Second
fmt.Print(int64(second/time.Millisecond)) // prints 1000
```

To convert an integer number of units to a Duration, multiply:

```go
seconds := 10
fmt.Print(time.Duration(seconds)*time.Second) // prints 10s
```

```go
const (
    Nanosecond  Duration = 1
    Microsecond          = 1000 * Nanosecond
    Millisecond          = 1000 * Microsecond
    Second               = 1000 * Millisecond
    Minute               = 60 * Second
    Hour                 = 60 * Minute
)
```

func After 
----------

```go
func After(d Duration) <-chan Time
```

After waits for the duration to elapse and then sends the current time
on the returned channel. It is equivalent to NewTimer(d).C. The
underlying Timer is not recovered by the garbage collector until the
timer fires. If efficiency is a concern, use NewTimer instead and call
Timer.Stop if the timer is no longer needed.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
select {
case m := <-c:
    handle(m)
case <-time.After(10 * time.Second):
    fmt.Println("timed out")
}
```

func Sleep 
----------

```go
func Sleep(d Duration)
```

Sleep pauses the current goroutine for at least the duration d. A
negative or zero duration causes Sleep to return immediately.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
time.Sleep(100 * time.Millisecond)
```

func Tick 
---------

```go
func Tick(d Duration) <-chan Time
```

Tick is a convenience wrapper for NewTicker providing access to the
ticking channel only. While Tick is useful for clients that have no need
to shut down the Ticker, be aware that without a way to shut it down the
underlying Ticker cannot be recovered by the garbage collector; it
\"leaks\". Unlike NewTicker, Tick will return nil if d \<= 0.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
c := time.Tick(5 * time.Second)
for next := range c {
    fmt.Printf("%v %s\n", next, statusUpdate())
}
```

type Duration 
-------------

A Duration represents the elapsed time between two instants as an int64
nanosecond count. The representation limits the largest representable
duration to approximately 290 years.

```go
type Duration int64
```

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
t0 := time.Now()
expensiveCall()
t1 := time.Now()
fmt.Printf("The call took %v to run.\n", t1.Sub(t0))
```

### func ParseDuration 

```go
func ParseDuration(s string) (Duration, error)
```

ParseDuration parses a duration string. A duration string is a possibly
signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a
unit suffix, such as \"300ms\", \"-1.5h\" or \"2h45m\". Valid time units
are \"ns\", \"us\" (or \"µs\"), \"ms\", \"s\", \"m\", \"h\".

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
hours, _ := time.ParseDuration("10h")
complex, _ := time.ParseDuration("1h10m10s")
micro, _ := time.ParseDuration("1µs")
// The package also accepts the incorrect but common prefix u for micro.
micro2, _ := time.ParseDuration("1us")

fmt.Println(hours)
fmt.Println(complex)
fmt.Printf("There are %.0f seconds in %v.\n", complex.Seconds(), complex)
fmt.Printf("There are %d nanoseconds in %v.\n", micro.Nanoseconds(), micro)
fmt.Printf("There are %6.2e seconds in %v.\n", micro2.Seconds(), micro)
```

Output:

```go
10h0m0s
1h10m10s
There are 4210 seconds in 1h10m10s.
There are 1000 nanoseconds in 1µs.
There are 1.00e-06 seconds in 1µs.
```

### func Since 

```go
func Since(t Time) Duration
```

Since returns the time elapsed since t. It is shorthand for
time.Now().Sub(t).

### func Until 

```go
func Until(t Time) Duration
```

Until returns the duration until t. It is shorthand for
t.Sub(time.Now()).

### func (Duration) Abs 

```go
func (d Duration) Abs() Duration
```

Abs returns the absolute value of d. As a special case, math.MinInt64 is
converted to math.MaxInt64.

### func (Duration) Hours 

```go
func (d Duration) Hours() float64
```

Hours returns the duration as a floating point number of hours.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
h, _ := time.ParseDuration("4h30m")
fmt.Printf("I've got %.1f hours of work left.", h.Hours())
```

Output:

```go
I've got 4.5 hours of work left.
```

### func (Duration) Microseconds 

```go
func (d Duration) Microseconds() int64
```

Microseconds returns the duration as an integer microsecond count.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
u, _ := time.ParseDuration("1s")
fmt.Printf("One second is %d microseconds.\n", u.Microseconds())
```

Output:

```go
One second is 1000000 microseconds.
```

### func (Duration) Milliseconds 

```go
func (d Duration) Milliseconds() int64
```

Milliseconds returns the duration as an integer millisecond count.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
u, _ := time.ParseDuration("1s")
fmt.Printf("One second is %d milliseconds.\n", u.Milliseconds())
```

Output:

```go
One second is 1000 milliseconds.
```

### func (Duration) Minutes 

```go
func (d Duration) Minutes() float64
```

Minutes returns the duration as a floating point number of minutes.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
m, _ := time.ParseDuration("1h30m")
fmt.Printf("The movie is %.0f minutes long.", m.Minutes())
```

Output:

```go
The movie is 90 minutes long.
```

### func (Duration) Nanoseconds 

```go
func (d Duration) Nanoseconds() int64
```

Nanoseconds returns the duration as an integer nanosecond count.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
u, _ := time.ParseDuration("1µs")
fmt.Printf("One microsecond is %d nanoseconds.\n", u.Nanoseconds())
```

Output:

```go
One microsecond is 1000 nanoseconds.
```

### func (Duration) Round 

```go
func (d Duration) Round(m Duration) Duration
```

Round returns the result of rounding d to the nearest multiple of m. The
rounding behavior for halfway values is to round away from zero. If the
result exceeds the maximum (or minimum) value that can be stored in a
Duration, Round returns the maximum (or minimum) duration. If m \<= 0,
Round returns d unchanged.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
d, err := time.ParseDuration("1h15m30.918273645s")
if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

round := []time.Duration{
    time.Nanosecond,
    time.Microsecond,
    time.Millisecond,
    time.Second,
    2 * time.Second,
    time.Minute,
    10 * time.Minute,
    time.Hour,
}

for _, r := range round {
    fmt.Printf("d.Round(%6s) = %s\n", r, d.Round(r).String())
}
```

Output:

```go
d.Round(   1ns) = 1h15m30.918273645s
d.Round(   1µs) = 1h15m30.918274s
d.Round(   1ms) = 1h15m30.918s
d.Round(    1s) = 1h15m31s
d.Round(    2s) = 1h15m30s
d.Round(  1m0s) = 1h16m0s
d.Round( 10m0s) = 1h20m0s
d.Round(1h0m0s) = 1h0m0s
```

### func (Duration) Seconds 

```go
func (d Duration) Seconds() float64
```

Seconds returns the duration as a floating point number of seconds.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
m, _ := time.ParseDuration("1m30s")
fmt.Printf("Take off in t-%.0f seconds.", m.Seconds())
```

Output:

```go
Take off in t-90 seconds.
```

### func (Duration) String 

```go
func (d Duration) String() string
```

String returns a string representing the duration in the form
\"72h3m0.5s\". Leading zero units are omitted. As a special case,
durations less than one second format use a smaller unit (milli-,
micro-, or nanoseconds) to ensure that the leading digit is non-zero.
The zero duration formats as 0s.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
fmt.Println(1*time.Hour + 2*time.Minute + 300*time.Millisecond)
fmt.Println(300 * time.Millisecond)
```

Output:

```go
1h2m0.3s
300ms
```

### func (Duration) Truncate 

```go
func (d Duration) Truncate(m Duration) Duration
```

Truncate returns the result of rounding d toward zero to a multiple of
m. If m \<= 0, Truncate returns d unchanged.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
d, err := time.ParseDuration("1h15m30.918273645s")
if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

trunc := []time.Duration{
    time.Nanosecond,
    time.Microsecond,
    time.Millisecond,
    time.Second,
    2 * time.Second,
    time.Minute,
    10 * time.Minute,
    time.Hour,
}

for _, t := range trunc {
    fmt.Printf("d.Truncate(%6s) = %s\n", t, d.Truncate(t).String())
}
```

Output:

```go
d.Truncate(   1ns) = 1h15m30.918273645s
d.Truncate(   1µs) = 1h15m30.918273s
d.Truncate(   1ms) = 1h15m30.918s
d.Truncate(    1s) = 1h15m30s
d.Truncate(    2s) = 1h15m30s
d.Truncate(  1m0s) = 1h15m0s
d.Truncate( 10m0s) = 1h10m0s
d.Truncate(1h0m0s) = 1h0m0s
```

type Location 
-------------

A Location maps time instants to the zone in use at that time.
Typically, the Location represents the collection of time offsets in use
in a geographical area. For many Locations the time offset varies
depending on whether daylight savings time is in use at the time
instant.

```go
type Location struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

Local represents the system\'s local time zone. On Unix systems, Local
consults the TZ environment variable to find the time zone to use. No TZ
means use the system default /etc/localtime. TZ=\"\" means use UTC.
TZ=\"foo\" means use file foo in the system timezone directory.

```go
var Local *Location = &localLoc
```

UTC represents Universal Coordinated Time (UTC).

```go
var UTC *Location = &utcLoc
```

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
// China doesn't have daylight saving. It uses a fixed 8 hour offset from UTC.
secondsEastOfUTC := int((8 * time.Hour).Seconds())
beijing := time.FixedZone("Beijing Time", secondsEastOfUTC)

// If the system has a timezone database present, it's possible to load a location
// from that, e.g.:
//    newYork, err := time.LoadLocation("America/New_York")

// Creating a time requires a location. Common locations are time.Local and time.UTC.
timeInUTC := time.Date(2009, 1, 1, 12, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
sameTimeInBeijing := time.Date(2009, 1, 1, 20, 0, 0, 0, beijing)

// Although the UTC clock time is 1200 and the Beijing clock time is 2000, Beijing is
// 8 hours ahead so the two dates actually represent the same instant.
timesAreEqual := timeInUTC.Equal(sameTimeInBeijing)
fmt.Println(timesAreEqual)
```

Output:

```go
true
```

### func FixedZone 

```go
func FixedZone(name string, offset int) *Location
```

FixedZone returns a Location that always uses the given zone name and
offset (seconds east of UTC).

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
loc := time.FixedZone("UTC-8", -8*60*60)
t := time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, loc)
fmt.Println("The time is:", t.Format(time.RFC822))
```

Output:

```go
The time is: 10 Nov 09 23:00 UTC-8
```

### func LoadLocation 

```go
func LoadLocation(name string) (*Location, error)
```

LoadLocation returns the Location with the given name.

If the name is \"\" or \"UTC\", LoadLocation returns UTC. If the name is
\"Local\", LoadLocation returns Local.

Otherwise, the name is taken to be a location name corresponding to a
file in the IANA Time Zone database, such as \"America/New\_York\".

LoadLocation looks for the IANA Time Zone database in the following
locations in order:

-   the directory or uncompressed zip file named by the ZONEINFO
    environment variable
-   on a Unix system, the system standard installation location
-   \$GOROOT/lib/time/zoneinfo.zip
-   the time/tzdata package, if it was imported

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
location, err := time.LoadLocation("America/Los_Angeles")
if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}

timeInUTC := time.Date(2018, 8, 30, 12, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Println(timeInUTC.In(location))
```

Output:

```go
2018-08-30 05:00:00 -0700 PDT
```

### func LoadLocationFromTZData 

```go
func LoadLocationFromTZData(name string, data []byte) (*Location, error)
```

LoadLocationFromTZData returns a Location with the given name
initialized from the IANA Time Zone database-formatted data. The data
should be in the format of a standard IANA time zone file (for example,
the content of /etc/localtime on Unix systems).

### func (\*Location) String 

```go
func (l *Location) String() string
```

String returns a descriptive name for the time zone information,
corresponding to the name argument to LoadLocation or FixedZone.

type Month 
----------

A Month specifies a month of the year (January = 1, \...).

```go
type Month int
```

```go
const (
    January Month = 1 + iota
    February
    March
    April
    May
    June
    July
    August
    September
    October
    November
    December
)
```

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
_, month, day := time.Now().Date()
if month == time.November && day == 10 {
    fmt.Println("Happy Go day!")
}
```

### func (Month) String 

```go
func (m Month) String() string
```

String returns the English name of the month (\"January\", \"February\",
\...).

type ParseError 
---------------

ParseError describes a problem parsing a time string.

```go
type ParseError struct {
    Layout     string
    Value      string
    LayoutElem string
    ValueElem  string
    Message    string
}
```

### func (\*ParseError) Error 

```go
func (e *ParseError) Error() string
```

Error returns the string representation of a ParseError.

type Ticker 
-----------

A Ticker holds a channel that delivers "ticks" of a clock at intervals.

```go
type Ticker struct {
    C <-chan Time // The channel on which the ticks are delivered.
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func NewTicker 

```go
func NewTicker(d Duration) *Ticker
```

NewTicker returns a new Ticker containing a channel that will send the
current time on the channel after each tick. The period of the ticks is
specified by the duration argument. The ticker will adjust the time
interval or drop ticks to make up for slow receivers. The duration d
must be greater than zero; if not, NewTicker will panic. Stop the ticker
to release associated resources.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
ticker := time.NewTicker(time.Second)
defer ticker.Stop()
done := make(chan bool)
go func() {
    time.Sleep(10 * time.Second)
    done <- true
}()
for {
    select {
    case <-done:
        fmt.Println("Done!")
        return
    case t := <-ticker.C:
        fmt.Println("Current time: ", t)
    }
}
```

### func (\*Ticker) Reset 

```go
func (t *Ticker) Reset(d Duration)
```

Reset stops a ticker and resets its period to the specified duration.
The next tick will arrive after the new period elapses. The duration d
must be greater than zero; if not, Reset will panic.

### func (\*Ticker) Stop 

```go
func (t *Ticker) Stop()
```

Stop turns off a ticker. After Stop, no more ticks will be sent. Stop
does not close the channel, to prevent a concurrent goroutine reading
from the channel from seeing an erroneous \"tick\".

type Time 
---------

A Time represents an instant in time with nanosecond precision.

Programs using times should typically store and pass them as values, not
pointers. That is, time variables and struct fields should be of type
time.Time, not \*time.Time.

A Time value can be used by multiple goroutines simultaneously except
that the methods GobDecode, UnmarshalBinary, UnmarshalJSON and
UnmarshalText are not concurrency-safe.

Time instants can be compared using the Before, After, and Equal
methods. The Sub method subtracts two instants, producing a Duration.
The Add method adds a Time and a Duration, producing a Time.

The zero value of type Time is January 1, year 1, 00:00:00.000000000
UTC. As this time is unlikely to come up in practice, the IsZero method
gives a simple way of detecting a time that has not been initialized
explicitly.

Each Time has associated with it a Location, consulted when computing
the presentation form of the time, such as in the Format, Hour, and Year
methods. The methods Local, UTC, and In return a Time with a specific
location. Changing the location in this way changes only the
presentation; it does not change the instant in time being denoted and
therefore does not affect the computations described in earlier
paragraphs.

Representations of a Time value saved by the GobEncode, MarshalBinary,
MarshalJSON, and MarshalText methods store the Time.Location\'s offset,
but not the location name. They therefore lose information about
Daylight Saving Time.

In addition to the required "wall clock" reading, a Time may contain an
optional reading of the current process\'s monotonic clock, to provide
additional precision for comparison or subtraction. See the "Monotonic
Clocks" section in the package documentation for details.

Note that the Go == operator compares not just the time instant but also
the Location and the monotonic clock reading. Therefore, Time values
should not be used as map or database keys without first guaranteeing
that the identical Location has been set for all values, which can be
achieved through use of the UTC or Local method, and that the monotonic
clock reading has been stripped by setting t = t.Round(0). In general,
prefer t.Equal(u) to t == u, since t.Equal uses the most accurate
comparison available and correctly handles the case when only one of its
arguments has a monotonic clock reading.

```go
type Time struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func Date 

```go
func Date(year int, month Month, day, hour, min, sec, nsec int, loc *Location) Time
```

Date returns the Time corresponding to

```go
yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss + nsec nanoseconds
```

in the appropriate zone for that time in the given location.

The month, day, hour, min, sec, and nsec values may be outside their
usual ranges and will be normalized during the conversion. For example,
October 32 converts to November 1.

A daylight savings time transition skips or repeats times. For example,
in the United States, March 13, 2011 2:15am never occurred, while
November 6, 2011 1:15am occurred twice. In such cases, the choice of
time zone, and therefore the time, is not well-defined. Date returns a
time that is correct in one of the two zones involved in the transition,
but it does not guarantee which.

Date panics if loc is nil.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
t := time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Printf("Go launched at %s\n", t.Local())
```

Output:

```go
Go launched at 2009-11-10 15:00:00 -0800 PST
```

### func Now 

```go
func Now() Time
```

Now returns the current local time.

### func Parse 

```go
func Parse(layout, value string) (Time, error)
```

Parse parses a formatted string and returns the time value it
represents. See the documentation for the constant called Layout to see
how to represent the format. The second argument must be parseable using
the format string (layout) provided as the first argument.

The example for Time.Format demonstrates the working of the layout
string in detail and is a good reference.

When parsing (only), the input may contain a fractional second field
immediately after the seconds field, even if the layout does not signify
its presence. In that case either a comma or a decimal point followed by
a maximal series of digits is parsed as a fractional second. Fractional
seconds are truncated to nanosecond precision.

Elements omitted from the layout are assumed to be zero or, when zero is
impossible, one, so parsing \"3:04pm\" returns the time corresponding to
Jan 1, year 0, 15:04:00 UTC (note that because the year is 0, this time
is before the zero Time). Years must be in the range 0000..9999. The day
of the week is checked for syntax but it is otherwise ignored.

For layouts specifying the two-digit year 06, a value NN \>= 69 will be
treated as 19NN and a value NN \< 69 will be treated as 20NN.

The remainder of this comment describes the handling of time zones.

In the absence of a time zone indicator, Parse returns a time in UTC.

When parsing a time with a zone offset like -0700, if the offset
corresponds to a time zone used by the current location (Local), then
Parse uses that location and zone in the returned time. Otherwise it
records the time as being in a fabricated location with time fixed at
the given zone offset.

When parsing a time with a zone abbreviation like MST, if the zone
abbreviation has a defined offset in the current location, then that
offset is used. The zone abbreviation \"UTC\" is recognized as UTC
regardless of location. If the zone abbreviation is unknown, Parse
records the time as being in a fabricated location with the given zone
abbreviation and a zero offset. This choice means that such a time can
be parsed and reformatted with the same layout losslessly, but the exact
instant used in the representation will differ by the actual zone
offset. To avoid such problems, prefer time layouts that use a numeric
zone offset, or use ParseInLocation.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
// See the example for Time.Format for a thorough description of how
// to define the layout string to parse a time.Time value; Parse and
// Format use the same model to describe their input and output.

// longForm shows by example how the reference time would be represented in
// the desired layout.
const longForm = "Jan 2, 2006 at 3:04pm (MST)"
t, _ := time.Parse(longForm, "Feb 3, 2013 at 7:54pm (PST)")
fmt.Println(t)

// shortForm is another way the reference time would be represented
// in the desired layout; it has no time zone present.
// Note: without explicit zone, returns time in UTC.
const shortForm = "2006-Jan-02"
t, _ = time.Parse(shortForm, "2013-Feb-03")
fmt.Println(t)

// Some valid layouts are invalid time values, due to format specifiers
// such as _ for space padding and Z for zone information.
// For example the RFC3339 layout 2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00
// contains both Z and a time zone offset in order to handle both valid options:
// 2006-01-02T15:04:05Z
// 2006-01-02T15:04:05+07:00
t, _ = time.Parse(time.RFC3339, "2006-01-02T15:04:05Z")
fmt.Println(t)
t, _ = time.Parse(time.RFC3339, "2006-01-02T15:04:05+07:00")
fmt.Println(t)
_, err := time.Parse(time.RFC3339, time.RFC3339)
fmt.Println("error", err) // Returns an error as the layout is not a valid time value
```

Output:

```go
2013-02-03 19:54:00 -0800 PST
2013-02-03 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
2006-01-02 15:04:05 +0000 UTC
2006-01-02 15:04:05 +0700 +0700
error parsing time "2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00": extra text: "07:00"
```

### func ParseInLocation 

```go
func ParseInLocation(layout, value string, loc *Location) (Time, error)
```

ParseInLocation is like Parse but differs in two important ways. First,
in the absence of time zone information, Parse interprets a time as UTC;
ParseInLocation interprets the time as in the given location. Second,
when given a zone offset or abbreviation, Parse tries to match it
against the Local location; ParseInLocation uses the given location.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
loc, _ := time.LoadLocation("Europe/Berlin")

// This will look for the name CEST in the Europe/Berlin time zone.
const longForm = "Jan 2, 2006 at 3:04pm (MST)"
t, _ := time.ParseInLocation(longForm, "Jul 9, 2012 at 5:02am (CEST)", loc)
fmt.Println(t)

// Note: without explicit zone, returns time in given location.
const shortForm = "2006-Jan-02"
t, _ = time.ParseInLocation(shortForm, "2012-Jul-09", loc)
fmt.Println(t)
```

Output:

```go
2012-07-09 05:02:00 +0200 CEST
2012-07-09 00:00:00 +0200 CEST
```

### func Unix 

```go
func Unix(sec int64, nsec int64) Time
```

Unix returns the local Time corresponding to the given Unix time, sec
seconds and nsec nanoseconds since January 1, 1970 UTC. It is valid to
pass nsec outside the range \[0, 999999999\]. Not all sec values have a
corresponding time value. One such value is 1\<\<63-1 (the largest int64
value).

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
unixTime := time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Println(unixTime.Unix())
t := time.Unix(unixTime.Unix(), 0).UTC()
fmt.Println(t)
```

Output:

```go
1257894000
2009-11-10 23:00:00 +0000 UTC
```

### func UnixMicro 

```go
func UnixMicro(usec int64) Time
```

UnixMicro returns the local Time corresponding to the given Unix time,
usec microseconds since January 1, 1970 UTC.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
umt := time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Println(umt.UnixMicro())
t := time.UnixMicro(umt.UnixMicro()).UTC()
fmt.Println(t)
```

Output:

```go
1257894000000000
2009-11-10 23:00:00 +0000 UTC
```

### func UnixMilli 

```go
func UnixMilli(msec int64) Time
```

UnixMilli returns the local Time corresponding to the given Unix time,
msec milliseconds since January 1, 1970 UTC.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
umt := time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Println(umt.UnixMilli())
t := time.UnixMilli(umt.UnixMilli()).UTC()
fmt.Println(t)
```

Output:

```go
1257894000000
2009-11-10 23:00:00 +0000 UTC
```

### func (Time) Add 

```go
func (t Time) Add(d Duration) Time
```

Add returns the time t+d.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
start := time.Date(2009, 1, 1, 12, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
afterTenSeconds := start.Add(time.Second * 10)
afterTenMinutes := start.Add(time.Minute * 10)
afterTenHours := start.Add(time.Hour * 10)
afterTenDays := start.Add(time.Hour * 24 * 10)

fmt.Printf("start = %v\n", start)
fmt.Printf("start.Add(time.Second * 10) = %v\n", afterTenSeconds)
fmt.Printf("start.Add(time.Minute * 10) = %v\n", afterTenMinutes)
fmt.Printf("start.Add(time.Hour * 10) = %v\n", afterTenHours)
fmt.Printf("start.Add(time.Hour * 24 * 10) = %v\n", afterTenDays)
```

Output:

```go
start = 2009-01-01 12:00:00 +0000 UTC
start.Add(time.Second * 10) = 2009-01-01 12:00:10 +0000 UTC
start.Add(time.Minute * 10) = 2009-01-01 12:10:00 +0000 UTC
start.Add(time.Hour * 10) = 2009-01-01 22:00:00 +0000 UTC
start.Add(time.Hour * 24 * 10) = 2009-01-11 12:00:00 +0000 UTC
```

### func (Time) AddDate 

```go
func (t Time) AddDate(years int, months int, days int) Time
```

AddDate returns the time corresponding to adding the given number of
years, months, and days to t. For example, AddDate(-1, 2, 3) applied to
January 1, 2011 returns March 4, 2010.

AddDate normalizes its result in the same way that Date does, so, for
example, adding one month to October 31 yields December 1, the
normalized form for November 31.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
start := time.Date(2009, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
oneDayLater := start.AddDate(0, 0, 1)
oneMonthLater := start.AddDate(0, 1, 0)
oneYearLater := start.AddDate(1, 0, 0)

fmt.Printf("oneDayLater: start.AddDate(0, 0, 1) = %v\n", oneDayLater)
fmt.Printf("oneMonthLater: start.AddDate(0, 1, 0) = %v\n", oneMonthLater)
fmt.Printf("oneYearLater: start.AddDate(1, 0, 0) = %v\n", oneYearLater)
```

Output:

```go
oneDayLater: start.AddDate(0, 0, 1) = 2009-01-02 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
oneMonthLater: start.AddDate(0, 1, 0) = 2009-02-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
oneYearLater: start.AddDate(1, 0, 0) = 2010-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
```

### func (Time) After 

```go
func (t Time) After(u Time) bool
```

After reports whether the time instant t is after u.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
year2000 := time.Date(2000, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
year3000 := time.Date(3000, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)

isYear3000AfterYear2000 := year3000.After(year2000) // True
isYear2000AfterYear3000 := year2000.After(year3000) // False

fmt.Printf("year3000.After(year2000) = %v\n", isYear3000AfterYear2000)
fmt.Printf("year2000.After(year3000) = %v\n", isYear2000AfterYear3000)
```

Output:

```go
year3000.After(year2000) = true
year2000.After(year3000) = false
```

### func (Time) AppendFormat 

```go
func (t Time) AppendFormat(b []byte, layout string) []byte
```

AppendFormat is like Format but appends the textual representation to b
and returns the extended buffer.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
t := time.Date(2017, time.November, 4, 11, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
text := []byte("Time: ")

text = t.AppendFormat(text, time.Kitchen)
fmt.Println(string(text))
```

Output:

```go
Time: 11:00AM
```

### func (Time) Before 

```go
func (t Time) Before(u Time) bool
```

Before reports whether the time instant t is before u.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
year2000 := time.Date(2000, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
year3000 := time.Date(3000, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)

isYear2000BeforeYear3000 := year2000.Before(year3000) // True
isYear3000BeforeYear2000 := year3000.Before(year2000) // False

fmt.Printf("year2000.Before(year3000) = %v\n", isYear2000BeforeYear3000)
fmt.Printf("year3000.Before(year2000) = %v\n", isYear3000BeforeYear2000)
```

Output:

```go
year2000.Before(year3000) = true
year3000.Before(year2000) = false
```

### func (Time) Clock 

```go
func (t Time) Clock() (hour, min, sec int)
```

Clock returns the hour, minute, and second within the day specified by
t.

### func (Time) Compare 

```go
func (t Time) Compare(u Time) int
```

Compare compares the time instant t with u. If t is before u, it returns
-1; if t is after u, it returns +1; if they\'re the same, it returns 0.

### func (Time) Date 

```go
func (t Time) Date() (year int, month Month, day int)
```

Date returns the year, month, and day in which t occurs.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
d := time.Date(2000, 2, 1, 12, 30, 0, 0, time.UTC)
year, month, day := d.Date()

fmt.Printf("year = %v\n", year)
fmt.Printf("month = %v\n", month)
fmt.Printf("day = %v\n", day)
```

Output:

```go
year = 2000
month = February
day = 1
```

### func (Time) Day 

```go
func (t Time) Day() int
```

Day returns the day of the month specified by t.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
d := time.Date(2000, 2, 1, 12, 30, 0, 0, time.UTC)
day := d.Day()

fmt.Printf("day = %v\n", day)
```

Output:

```go
day = 1
```

### func (Time) Equal 

```go
func (t Time) Equal(u Time) bool
```

Equal reports whether t and u represent the same time instant. Two times
can be equal even if they are in different locations. For example, 6:00
+0200 and 4:00 UTC are Equal. See the documentation on the Time type for
the pitfalls of using == with Time values; most code should use Equal
instead.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
secondsEastOfUTC := int((8 * time.Hour).Seconds())
beijing := time.FixedZone("Beijing Time", secondsEastOfUTC)

// Unlike the equal operator, Equal is aware that d1 and d2 are the
// same instant but in different time zones.
d1 := time.Date(2000, 2, 1, 12, 30, 0, 0, time.UTC)
d2 := time.Date(2000, 2, 1, 20, 30, 0, 0, beijing)

datesEqualUsingEqualOperator := d1 == d2
datesEqualUsingFunction := d1.Equal(d2)

fmt.Printf("datesEqualUsingEqualOperator = %v\n", datesEqualUsingEqualOperator)
fmt.Printf("datesEqualUsingFunction = %v\n", datesEqualUsingFunction)
```

Output:

```go
datesEqualUsingEqualOperator = false
datesEqualUsingFunction = true
```

### func (Time) Format 

```go
func (t Time) Format(layout string) string
```

Format returns a textual representation of the time value formatted
according to the layout defined by the argument. See the documentation
for the constant called Layout to see how to represent the layout
format.

The executable example for Time.Format demonstrates the working of the
layout string in detail and is a good reference.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
// Parse a time value from a string in the standard Unix format.
t, err := time.Parse(time.UnixDate, "Wed Feb 25 11:06:39 PST 2015")
if err != nil { // Always check errors even if they should not happen.
    panic(err)
}

tz, err := time.LoadLocation("Asia/Shanghai")
if err != nil { // Always check errors even if they should not happen.
    panic(err)
}

// time.Time's Stringer method is useful without any format.
fmt.Println("default format:", t)

// Predefined constants in the package implement common layouts.
fmt.Println("Unix format:", t.Format(time.UnixDate))

// The time zone attached to the time value affects its output.
fmt.Println("Same, in UTC:", t.UTC().Format(time.UnixDate))

fmt.Println("in Shanghai with seconds:", t.In(tz).Format("2006-01-02T15:04:05 -070000"))

fmt.Println("in Shanghai with colon seconds:", t.In(tz).Format("2006-01-02T15:04:05 -07:00:00"))

// The rest of this function demonstrates the properties of the
// layout string used in the format.

// The layout string used by the Parse function and Format method
// shows by example how the reference time should be represented.
// We stress that one must show how the reference time is formatted,
// not a time of the user's choosing. Thus each layout string is a
// representation of the time stamp,
//  Jan 2 15:04:05 2006 MST
// An easy way to remember this value is that it holds, when presented
// in this order, the values (lined up with the elements above):
//    1 2  3  4  5    6  -7
// There are some wrinkles illustrated below.

// Most uses of Format and Parse use constant layout strings such as
// the ones defined in this package, but the interface is flexible,
// as these examples show.

// Define a helper function to make the examples' output look nice.
do := func(name, layout, want string) {
    got := t.Format(layout)
    if want != got {
        fmt.Printf("error: for %q got %q; expected %q\n", layout, got, want)
        return
    }
    fmt.Printf("%-16s %q gives %q\n", name, layout, got)
}

// Print a header in our output.
fmt.Printf("\nFormats:\n\n")

// Simple starter examples.
do("Basic full date", "Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006", "Wed Feb 25 11:06:39 PST 2015")
do("Basic short date", "2006/01/02", "2015/02/25")

// The hour of the reference time is 15, or 3PM. The layout can express
// it either way, and since our value is the morning we should see it as
// an AM time. We show both in one format string. Lower case too.
do("AM/PM", "3PM==3pm==15h", "11AM==11am==11h")

// When parsing, if the seconds value is followed by a decimal point
// and some digits, that is taken as a fraction of a second even if
// the layout string does not represent the fractional second.
// Here we add a fractional second to our time value used above.
t, err = time.Parse(time.UnixDate, "Wed Feb 25 11:06:39.1234 PST 2015")
if err != nil {
    panic(err)
}
// It does not appear in the output if the layout string does not contain
// a representation of the fractional second.
do("No fraction", time.UnixDate, "Wed Feb 25 11:06:39 PST 2015")

// Fractional seconds can be printed by adding a run of 0s or 9s after
// a decimal point in the seconds value in the layout string.
// If the layout digits are 0s, the fractional second is of the specified
// width. Note that the output has a trailing zero.
do("0s for fraction", "15:04:05.00000", "11:06:39.12340")

// If the fraction in the layout is 9s, trailing zeros are dropped.
do("9s for fraction", "15:04:05.99999999", "11:06:39.1234")
```

Output:

```go
default format: 2015-02-25 11:06:39 -0800 PST
Unix format: Wed Feb 25 11:06:39 PST 2015
Same, in UTC: Wed Feb 25 19:06:39 UTC 2015
in Shanghai with seconds: 2015-02-26T03:06:39 +080000
in Shanghai with colon seconds: 2015-02-26T03:06:39 +08:00:00

Formats:

Basic full date  "Mon Jan 2 15:04:05 MST 2006" gives "Wed Feb 25 11:06:39 PST 2015"
Basic short date "2006/01/02" gives "2015/02/25"
AM/PM            "3PM==3pm==15h" gives "11AM==11am==11h"
No fraction      "Mon Jan _2 15:04:05 MST 2006" gives "Wed Feb 25 11:06:39 PST 2015"
0s for fraction  "15:04:05.00000" gives "11:06:39.12340"
9s for fraction  "15:04:05.99999999" gives "11:06:39.1234"
```

#### [Example (Pad)]

Code:

```go
// Parse a time value from a string in the standard Unix format.
t, err := time.Parse(time.UnixDate, "Sat Mar 7 11:06:39 PST 2015")
if err != nil { // Always check errors even if they should not happen.
    panic(err)
}

// Define a helper function to make the examples' output look nice.
do := func(name, layout, want string) {
    got := t.Format(layout)
    if want != got {
        fmt.Printf("error: for %q got %q; expected %q\n", layout, got, want)
        return
    }
    fmt.Printf("%-16s %q gives %q\n", name, layout, got)
}

// The predefined constant Unix uses an underscore to pad the day.
do("Unix", time.UnixDate, "Sat Mar  7 11:06:39 PST 2015")

// For fixed-width printing of values, such as the date, that may be one or
// two characters (7 vs. 07), use an _ instead of a space in the layout string.
// Here we print just the day, which is 2 in our layout string and 7 in our
// value.
do("No pad", "<2>", "<7>")

// An underscore represents a space pad, if the date only has one digit.
do("Spaces", "<_2>", "< 7>")

// A "0" indicates zero padding for single-digit values.
do("Zeros", "<02>", "<07>")

// If the value is already the right width, padding is not used.
// For instance, the second (05 in the reference time) in our value is 39,
// so it doesn't need padding, but the minutes (04, 06) does.
do("Suppressed pad", "04:05", "06:39")
```

Output:

```go
Unix             "Mon Jan _2 15:04:05 MST 2006" gives "Sat Mar  7 11:06:39 PST 2015"
No pad           "<2>" gives "<7>"
Spaces           "<_2>" gives "< 7>"
Zeros            "<02>" gives "<07>"
Suppressed pad   "04:05" gives "06:39"
```

### func (Time) GoString 

```go
func (t Time) GoString() string
```

GoString implements fmt.GoStringer and formats t to be printed in Go
source code.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
t := time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Println(t.GoString())
t = t.Add(1 * time.Minute)
fmt.Println(t.GoString())
t = t.AddDate(0, 1, 0)
fmt.Println(t.GoString())
t, _ = time.Parse("Jan 2, 2006 at 3:04pm (MST)", "Feb 3, 2013 at 7:54pm (UTC)")
fmt.Println(t.GoString())
```

Output:

```go
time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
time.Date(2009, time.November, 10, 23, 1, 0, 0, time.UTC)
time.Date(2009, time.December, 10, 23, 1, 0, 0, time.UTC)
time.Date(2013, time.February, 3, 19, 54, 0, 0, time.UTC)
```

### func (\*Time) GobDecode 

```go
func (t *Time) GobDecode(data []byte) error
```

GobDecode implements the gob.GobDecoder interface.

### func (Time) GobEncode 

```go
func (t Time) GobEncode() ([]byte, error)
```

GobEncode implements the gob.GobEncoder interface.

### func (Time) Hour 

```go
func (t Time) Hour() int
```

Hour returns the hour within the day specified by t, in the range \[0,
23\].

### func (Time) ISOWeek 

```go
func (t Time) ISOWeek() (year, week int)
```

ISOWeek returns the ISO 8601 year and week number in which t occurs.
Week ranges from 1 to 53. Jan 01 to Jan 03 of year n might belong to
week 52 or 53 of year n-1, and Dec 29 to Dec 31 might belong to week 1
of year n+1.

### func (Time) In 

```go
func (t Time) In(loc *Location) Time
```

In returns a copy of t representing the same time instant, but with the
copy\'s location information set to loc for display purposes.

In panics if loc is nil.

### func (Time) IsDST 

```go
func (t Time) IsDST() bool
```

IsDST reports whether the time in the configured location is in Daylight
Savings Time.

### func (Time) IsZero 

```go
func (t Time) IsZero() bool
```

IsZero reports whether t represents the zero time instant, January 1,
year 1, 00:00:00 UTC.

### func (Time) Local 

```go
func (t Time) Local() Time
```

Local returns t with the location set to local time.

### func (Time) Location 

```go
func (t Time) Location() *Location
```

Location returns the time zone information associated with t.

### func (Time) MarshalBinary 

```go
func (t Time) MarshalBinary() ([]byte, error)
```

MarshalBinary implements the encoding.BinaryMarshaler interface.

### func (Time) MarshalJSON 

```go
func (t Time) MarshalJSON() ([]byte, error)
```

MarshalJSON implements the json.Marshaler interface. The time is a
quoted string in the RFC 3339 format with sub-second precision. If the
timestamp cannot be represented as valid RFC 3339 (e.g., the year is out
of range), then an error is reported.

### func (Time) MarshalText 

```go
func (t Time) MarshalText() ([]byte, error)
```

MarshalText implements the encoding.TextMarshaler interface. The time is
formatted in RFC 3339 format with sub-second precision. If the timestamp
cannot be represented as valid RFC 3339 (e.g., the year is out of
range), then an error is reported.

### func (Time) Minute 

```go
func (t Time) Minute() int
```

Minute returns the minute offset within the hour specified by t, in the
range \[0, 59\].

### func (Time) Month 

```go
func (t Time) Month() Month
```

Month returns the month of the year specified by t.

### func (Time) Nanosecond 

```go
func (t Time) Nanosecond() int
```

Nanosecond returns the nanosecond offset within the second specified by
t, in the range \[0, 999999999\].

### func (Time) Round 

```go
func (t Time) Round(d Duration) Time
```

Round returns the result of rounding t to the nearest multiple of d
(since the zero time). The rounding behavior for halfway values is to
round up. If d \<= 0, Round returns t stripped of any monotonic clock
reading but otherwise unchanged.

Round operates on the time as an absolute duration since the zero time;
it does not operate on the presentation form of the time. Thus,
Round(Hour) may return a time with a non-zero minute, depending on the
time\'s Location.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
t := time.Date(0, 0, 0, 12, 15, 30, 918273645, time.UTC)
round := []time.Duration{
    time.Nanosecond,
    time.Microsecond,
    time.Millisecond,
    time.Second,
    2 * time.Second,
    time.Minute,
    10 * time.Minute,
    time.Hour,
}

for _, d := range round {
    fmt.Printf("t.Round(%6s) = %s\n", d, t.Round(d).Format("15:04:05.999999999"))
}
```

Output:

```go
t.Round(   1ns) = 12:15:30.918273645
t.Round(   1µs) = 12:15:30.918274
t.Round(   1ms) = 12:15:30.918
t.Round(    1s) = 12:15:31
t.Round(    2s) = 12:15:30
t.Round(  1m0s) = 12:16:00
t.Round( 10m0s) = 12:20:00
t.Round(1h0m0s) = 12:00:00
```

### func (Time) Second 

```go
func (t Time) Second() int
```

Second returns the second offset within the minute specified by t, in
the range \[0, 59\].

### func (Time) String 

```go
func (t Time) String() string
```

String returns the time formatted using the format string

```go
"2006-01-02 15:04:05.999999999 -0700 MST"
```

If the time has a monotonic clock reading, the returned string includes
a final field \"m=±\<value\>\", where value is the monotonic clock
reading formatted as a decimal number of seconds.

The returned string is meant for debugging; for a stable serialized
representation, use t.MarshalText, t.MarshalBinary, or t.Format with an
explicit format string.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
timeWithNanoseconds := time.Date(2000, 2, 1, 12, 13, 14, 15, time.UTC)
withNanoseconds := timeWithNanoseconds.String()

timeWithoutNanoseconds := time.Date(2000, 2, 1, 12, 13, 14, 0, time.UTC)
withoutNanoseconds := timeWithoutNanoseconds.String()

fmt.Printf("withNanoseconds = %v\n", string(withNanoseconds))
fmt.Printf("withoutNanoseconds = %v\n", string(withoutNanoseconds))
```

Output:

```go
withNanoseconds = 2000-02-01 12:13:14.000000015 +0000 UTC
withoutNanoseconds = 2000-02-01 12:13:14 +0000 UTC
```

### func (Time) Sub 

```go
func (t Time) Sub(u Time) Duration
```

Sub returns the duration t-u. If the result exceeds the maximum (or
minimum) value that can be stored in a Duration, the maximum (or
minimum) duration will be returned. To compute t-d for a duration d, use
t.Add(-d).

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
start := time.Date(2000, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
end := time.Date(2000, 1, 1, 12, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)

difference := end.Sub(start)
fmt.Printf("difference = %v\n", difference)
```

Output:

```go
difference = 12h0m0s
```

### func (Time) Truncate 

```go
func (t Time) Truncate(d Duration) Time
```

Truncate returns the result of rounding t down to a multiple of d (since
the zero time). If d \<= 0, Truncate returns t stripped of any monotonic
clock reading but otherwise unchanged.

Truncate operates on the time as an absolute duration since the zero
time; it does not operate on the presentation form of the time. Thus,
Truncate(Hour) may return a time with a non-zero minute, depending on
the time\'s Location.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
t, _ := time.Parse("2006 Jan 02 15:04:05", "2012 Dec 07 12:15:30.918273645")
trunc := []time.Duration{
    time.Nanosecond,
    time.Microsecond,
    time.Millisecond,
    time.Second,
    2 * time.Second,
    time.Minute,
    10 * time.Minute,
}

for _, d := range trunc {
    fmt.Printf("t.Truncate(%5s) = %s\n", d, t.Truncate(d).Format("15:04:05.999999999"))
}
// To round to the last midnight in the local timezone, create a new Date.
midnight := time.Date(t.Year(), t.Month(), t.Day(), 0, 0, 0, 0, time.Local)
_ = midnight
```

Output:

```go
t.Truncate(  1ns) = 12:15:30.918273645
t.Truncate(  1µs) = 12:15:30.918273
t.Truncate(  1ms) = 12:15:30.918
t.Truncate(   1s) = 12:15:30
t.Truncate(   2s) = 12:15:30
t.Truncate( 1m0s) = 12:15:00
t.Truncate(10m0s) = 12:10:00
```

### func (Time) UTC 

```go
func (t Time) UTC() Time
```

UTC returns t with the location set to UTC.

### func (Time) Unix 

```go
func (t Time) Unix() int64
```

Unix returns t as a Unix time, the number of seconds elapsed since
January 1, 1970 UTC. The result does not depend on the location
associated with t. Unix-like operating systems often record time as a
32-bit count of seconds, but since the method here returns a 64-bit
value it is valid for billions of years into the past or future.

#### [Example]

Code:

```go
// 1 billion seconds of Unix, three ways.
fmt.Println(time.Unix(1e9, 0).UTC())     // 1e9 seconds
fmt.Println(time.Unix(0, 1e18).UTC())    // 1e18 nanoseconds
fmt.Println(time.Unix(2e9, -1e18).UTC()) // 2e9 seconds - 1e18 nanoseconds

t := time.Date(2001, time.September, 9, 1, 46, 40, 0, time.UTC)
fmt.Println(t.Unix())     // seconds since 1970
fmt.Println(t.UnixNano()) // nanoseconds since 1970
```

Output:

```go
2001-09-09 01:46:40 +0000 UTC
2001-09-09 01:46:40 +0000 UTC
2001-09-09 01:46:40 +0000 UTC
1000000000
1000000000000000000
```

### func (Time) UnixMicro 

```go
func (t Time) UnixMicro() int64
```

UnixMicro returns t as a Unix time, the number of microseconds elapsed
since January 1, 1970 UTC. The result is undefined if the Unix time in
microseconds cannot be represented by an int64 (a date before year
-290307 or after year 294246). The result does not depend on the
location associated with t.

### func (Time) UnixMilli 

```go
func (t Time) UnixMilli() int64
```

UnixMilli returns t as a Unix time, the number of milliseconds elapsed
since January 1, 1970 UTC. The result is undefined if the Unix time in
milliseconds cannot be represented by an int64 (a date more than 292
million years before or after 1970). The result does not depend on the
location associated with t.

### func (Time) UnixNano 

```go
func (t Time) UnixNano() int64
```

UnixNano returns t as a Unix time, the number of nanoseconds elapsed
since January 1, 1970 UTC. The result is undefined if the Unix time in
nanoseconds cannot be represented by an int64 (a date before the year
1678 or after 2262). Note that this means the result of calling UnixNano
on the zero Time is undefined. The result does not depend on the
location associated with t.

### func (\*Time) UnmarshalBinary 

```go
func (t *Time) UnmarshalBinary(data []byte) error
```

UnmarshalBinary implements the encoding.BinaryUnmarshaler interface.

### func (\*Time) UnmarshalJSON 

```go
func (t *Time) UnmarshalJSON(data []byte) error
```

UnmarshalJSON implements the json.Unmarshaler interface. The time must
be a quoted string in the RFC 3339 format.

### func (\*Time) UnmarshalText 

```go
func (t *Time) UnmarshalText(data []byte) error
```

UnmarshalText implements the encoding.TextUnmarshaler interface. The
time must be in the RFC 3339 format.

### func (Time) Weekday 

```go
func (t Time) Weekday() Weekday
```

Weekday returns the day of the week specified by t.

### func (Time) Year 

```go
func (t Time) Year() int
```

Year returns the year in which t occurs.

### func (Time) YearDay 

```go
func (t Time) YearDay() int
```

YearDay returns the day of the year specified by t, in the range
\[1,365\] for non-leap years, and \[1,366\] in leap years.

### func (Time) Zone 

```go
func (t Time) Zone() (name string, offset int)
```

Zone computes the time zone in effect at time t, returning the
abbreviated name of the zone (such as \"CET\") and its offset in seconds
east of UTC.

### func (Time) ZoneBounds 

```go
func (t Time) ZoneBounds() (start, end Time)
```

ZoneBounds returns the bounds of the time zone in effect at time t. The
zone begins at start and the next zone begins at end. If the zone begins
at the beginning of time, start will be returned as a zero Time. If the
zone goes on forever, end will be returned as a zero Time. The Location
of the returned times will be the same as t.

type Timer 
----------

The Timer type represents a single event. When the Timer expires, the
current time will be sent on C, unless the Timer was created by
AfterFunc. A Timer must be created with NewTimer or AfterFunc.

```go
type Timer struct {
    C <-chan Time
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func AfterFunc 

```go
func AfterFunc(d Duration, f func()) *Timer
```

AfterFunc waits for the duration to elapse and then calls f in its own
goroutine. It returns a Timer that can be used to cancel the call using
its Stop method.

### func NewTimer 

```go
func NewTimer(d Duration) *Timer
```

NewTimer creates a new Timer that will send the current time on its
channel after at least duration d.

### func (\*Timer) Reset 

```go
func (t *Timer) Reset(d Duration) bool
```

Reset changes the timer to expire after duration d. It returns true if
the timer had been active, false if the timer had expired or been
stopped.

For a Timer created with NewTimer, Reset should be invoked only on
stopped or expired timers with drained channels.

If a program has already received a value from t.C, the timer is known
to have expired and the channel drained, so t.Reset can be used
directly. If a program has not yet received a value from t.C, however,
the timer must be stopped and---if Stop reports that the timer expired
before being stopped---the channel explicitly drained:

```go
if !t.Stop() {
    <-t.C
}
t.Reset(d)
```

This should not be done concurrent to other receives from the Timer\'s
channel.

Note that it is not possible to use Reset\'s return value correctly, as
there is a race condition between draining the channel and the new timer
expiring. Reset should always be invoked on stopped or expired channels,
as described above. The return value exists to preserve compatibility
with existing programs.

For a Timer created with AfterFunc(d, f), Reset either reschedules when
f will run, in which case Reset returns true, or schedules f to run
again, in which case it returns false. When Reset returns false, Reset
neither waits for the prior f to complete before returning nor does it
guarantee that the subsequent goroutine running f does not run
concurrently with the prior one. If the caller needs to know whether the
prior execution of f is completed, it must coordinate with f explicitly.

### func (\*Timer) Stop 

```go
func (t *Timer) Stop() bool
```

Stop prevents the Timer from firing. It returns true if the call stops
the timer, false if the timer has already expired or been stopped. Stop
does not close the channel, to prevent a read from the channel
succeeding incorrectly.

To ensure the channel is empty after a call to Stop, check the return
value and drain the channel. For example, assuming the program has not
received from t.C already:

```go
if !t.Stop() {
    <-t.C
}
```

This cannot be done concurrent to other receives from the Timer\'s
channel or other calls to the Timer\'s Stop method.

For a timer created with AfterFunc(d, f), if t.Stop returns false, then
the timer has already expired and the function f has been started in its
own goroutine; Stop does not wait for f to complete before returning. If
the caller needs to know whether f is completed, it must coordinate with
f explicitly.

type Weekday 
------------

A Weekday specifies a day of the week (Sunday = 0, \...).

```go
type Weekday int
```

```go
const (
    Sunday Weekday = iota
    Monday
    Tuesday
    Wednesday
    Thursday
    Friday
    Saturday
)
```

### func (Weekday) String 

```go
func (d Weekday) String() string
```

String returns the English name of the day (\"Sunday\", \"Monday\",
\...).

Subdirectories 
--------------

 
Name


Synopsis

[..](../index)

[tzdata](tzdata/index)

Package tzdata provides an embedded copy of the timezone database.

 
© Google, Inc.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.\
https://golang.org/pkg/time/>

