Package gosym
=============

-   `import "debug/gosym"`
-   [Overview](#pkg-overview)
-   [Index](#pkg-index)

Overview 
--------

Package gosym implements access to the Go symbol and line number tables
embedded in Go binaries generated by the gc compilers.

Index 
-----

-   [type DecodingError](#DecodingError)
-   [func (e \*DecodingError) Error() string](#DecodingError.Error)
-   [type Func](#Func)
-   [type LineTable](#LineTable)
-   [func NewLineTable(data \[\]byte, text uint64)
    \*LineTable](#NewLineTable)
-   [func (t \*LineTable) LineToPC(line int, maxpc uint64)
    uint64](#LineTable.LineToPC)
-   [func (t \*LineTable) PCToLine(pc uint64) int](#LineTable.PCToLine)
-   [type Obj](#Obj)
-   [type Sym](#Sym)
-   [func (s \*Sym) BaseName() string](#Sym.BaseName)
-   [func (s \*Sym) PackageName() string](#Sym.PackageName)
-   [func (s \*Sym) ReceiverName() string](#Sym.ReceiverName)
-   [func (s \*Sym) Static() bool](#Sym.Static)
-   [type Table](#Table)
-   [func NewTable(symtab \[\]byte, pcln \*LineTable) (\*Table,
    error)](#NewTable)
-   [func (t \*Table) LineToPC(file string, line int) (pc uint64, fn
    \*Func, err error)](#Table.LineToPC)
-   [func (t \*Table) LookupFunc(name string) \*Func](#Table.LookupFunc)
-   [func (t \*Table) LookupSym(name string) \*Sym](#Table.LookupSym)
-   [func (t \*Table) PCToFunc(pc uint64) \*Func](#Table.PCToFunc)
-   [func (t \*Table) PCToLine(pc uint64) (file string, line int, fn
    \*Func)](#Table.PCToLine)
-   [func (t \*Table) SymByAddr(addr uint64) \*Sym](#Table.SymByAddr)
-   [type UnknownFileError](#UnknownFileError)
-   [func (e UnknownFileError) Error() string](#UnknownFileError.Error)
-   [type UnknownLineError](#UnknownLineError)
-   [func (e \*UnknownLineError) Error()
    string](#UnknownLineError.Error)

### Package files

pclntab.go symtab.go

type DecodingError 
------------------

DecodingError represents an error during the decoding of the symbol
table.

```go
type DecodingError struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func (\*DecodingError) Error 

```go
func (e *DecodingError) Error() string
```

type Func 
---------

A Func collects information about a single function.

```go
type Func struct {
    Entry uint64
    *Sym
    End       uint64
    Params    []*Sym // nil for Go 1.3 and later binaries
    Locals    []*Sym // nil for Go 1.3 and later binaries
    FrameSize int
    LineTable *LineTable
    Obj       *Obj
}
```

type LineTable 
--------------

A LineTable is a data structure mapping program counters to line
numbers.

In Go 1.1 and earlier, each function (represented by a Func) had its own
LineTable, and the line number corresponded to a numbering of all source
lines in the program, across all files. That absolute line number would
then have to be converted separately to a file name and line number
within the file.

In Go 1.2, the format of the data changed so that there is a single
LineTable for the entire program, shared by all Funcs, and there are no
absolute line numbers, just line numbers within specific files.

For the most part, LineTable\'s methods should be treated as an internal
detail of the package; callers should use the methods on Table instead.

```go
type LineTable struct {
    Data []byte
    PC   uint64
    Line int
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func NewLineTable 

```go
func NewLineTable(data []byte, text uint64) *LineTable
```

NewLineTable returns a new PC/line table corresponding to the encoded
data. Text must be the start address of the corresponding text segment.

### func (\*LineTable) LineToPC 

```go
func (t *LineTable) LineToPC(line int, maxpc uint64) uint64
```

LineToPC returns the program counter for the given line number,
considering only program counters before maxpc.

Deprecated: Use Table\'s LineToPC method instead.

### func (\*LineTable) PCToLine 

```go
func (t *LineTable) PCToLine(pc uint64) int
```

PCToLine returns the line number for the given program counter.

Deprecated: Use Table\'s PCToLine method instead.

type Obj 
--------

An Obj represents a collection of functions in a symbol table.

The exact method of division of a binary into separate Objs is an
internal detail of the symbol table format.

In early versions of Go each source file became a different Obj.

In Go 1 and Go 1.1, each package produced one Obj for all Go sources and
one Obj per C source file.

In Go 1.2, there is a single Obj for the entire program.

```go
type Obj struct {
    // Funcs is a list of functions in the Obj.
    Funcs []Func

    // In Go 1.1 and earlier, Paths is a list of symbols corresponding
    // to the source file names that produced the Obj.
    // In Go 1.2, Paths is nil.
    // Use the keys of Table.Files to obtain a list of source files.
    Paths []Sym // meta
}
```

type Sym 
--------

A Sym represents a single symbol table entry.

```go
type Sym struct {
    Value  uint64
    Type   byte
    Name   string
    GoType uint64
    // If this symbol is a function symbol, the corresponding Func
    Func *Func
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func (\*Sym) BaseName 

```go
func (s *Sym) BaseName() string
```

BaseName returns the symbol name without the package or receiver name.

### func (\*Sym) PackageName 

```go
func (s *Sym) PackageName() string
```

PackageName returns the package part of the symbol name, or the empty
string if there is none.

### func (\*Sym) ReceiverName 

```go
func (s *Sym) ReceiverName() string
```

ReceiverName returns the receiver type name of this symbol, or the empty
string if there is none. A receiver name is only detected in the case
that s.Name is fully-specified with a package name.

### func (\*Sym) Static 

```go
func (s *Sym) Static() bool
```

Static reports whether this symbol is static (not visible outside its
file).

type Table 
----------

Table represents a Go symbol table. It stores all of the symbols decoded
from the program and provides methods to translate between symbols,
names, and addresses.

```go
type Table struct {
    Syms  []Sym // nil for Go 1.3 and later binaries
    Funcs []Func
    Files map[string]*Obj // for Go 1.2 and later all files map to one Obj
    Objs  []Obj           // for Go 1.2 and later only one Obj in slice
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

### func NewTable 

```go
func NewTable(symtab []byte, pcln *LineTable) (*Table, error)
```

NewTable decodes the Go symbol table (the \".gosymtab\" section in ELF),
returning an in-memory representation. Starting with Go 1.3, the Go
symbol table no longer includes symbol data.

### func (\*Table) LineToPC 

```go
func (t *Table) LineToPC(file string, line int) (pc uint64, fn *Func, err error)
```

LineToPC looks up the first program counter on the given line in the
named file. It returns UnknownPathError or UnknownLineError if there is
an error looking up this line.

### func (\*Table) LookupFunc 

```go
func (t *Table) LookupFunc(name string) *Func
```

LookupFunc returns the text, data, or bss symbol with the given name, or
nil if no such symbol is found.

### func (\*Table) LookupSym 

```go
func (t *Table) LookupSym(name string) *Sym
```

LookupSym returns the text, data, or bss symbol with the given name, or
nil if no such symbol is found.

### func (\*Table) PCToFunc 

```go
func (t *Table) PCToFunc(pc uint64) *Func
```

PCToFunc returns the function containing the program counter pc, or nil
if there is no such function.

### func (\*Table) PCToLine 

```go
func (t *Table) PCToLine(pc uint64) (file string, line int, fn *Func)
```

PCToLine looks up line number information for a program counter. If
there is no information, it returns fn == nil.

### func (\*Table) SymByAddr 

```go
func (t *Table) SymByAddr(addr uint64) *Sym
```

SymByAddr returns the text, data, or bss symbol starting at the given
address.

type UnknownFileError 
---------------------

UnknownFileError represents a failure to find the specific file in the
symbol table.

```go
type UnknownFileError string
```

### func (UnknownFileError) Error 

```go
func (e UnknownFileError) Error() string
```

type UnknownLineError 
---------------------

UnknownLineError represents a failure to map a line to a program
counter, either because the line is beyond the bounds of the file or
because there is no code on the given line.

```go
type UnknownLineError struct {
    File string
    Line int
}
```

### func (\*UnknownLineError) Error 

```go
func (e *UnknownLineError) Error() string
```

 
© Google, Inc.\
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.\
https://golang.org/pkg/debug/gosym/>

